I have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .
I am proud of winning it and would like to say how thankful I am .
I am therefore writing to give you my further information .
First of all , I am a student and would like to travel in July .
Because I intend to take examination in Septenber .
So I can afford to go on holiday only in July .
Secondly , I would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents .
It will be my first time to experience to stay there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried .
The next consideration is the activities .
Actually , I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident of it .
And nowadays , I have been practicing tennis as school activity .
Therefore I would like to choose basketball and tennis .
Finally , I am considering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need .
I would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You might not believe but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much .
I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of stage .
Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as audience .
It was absolutely fantastic .
I had ever never sit down there .
Actually I was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory .
Anyway it was so interesting time that I did n't even feel tired after that .
At the begining I would like to thank you .
And finally I would like to ask you some questions .
My name is Marie Bouchard , I come from Switzerland .
Two weeks ago , I spent a week in your fabulous city of London with my friend .
On Thursday , the 3rd of May 2000 , we went to your theatre to see Over the rainbow .
Unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre .
Firstly , we got our tickets in your ticket office just one hour before the show .
We thought , as usual we do in London theatre , we could have discounts as it 's written on your advertisement .
Surprisily , there were no discounds .
Thirdly , we were astonished about the actors whose we know from others musical .
We really like London , the people , the night - life but this evening was really awful .
I sent to you a copie of our tickets .
Would you pleased return our money back .
In advance , thank you .
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that I came in your theatre .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
The problem is that Pat works in the Neubathin a little village .
She 's a secretary in an office .
Everybody knows everybody .
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husband too .
It was a Friday suny afternoon , Scala was really excited to tell her the new .
He was so amazed and asked to repeat .
She just thought it would be a secret , she came really embarassed .
When he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it was n't a surprise !
Scala was hungry with Pat because she thought she can keep this kind of secret .
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement on the newspaper .
When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said it was not available .
At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best it would cost what they said .
Afterwards I decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but It was closed .
So you can imagine how I felt because of the irritating evening out I had .
I am letting down because of your behaviour .
You wanted to cheat me , so I will be very pleasure if you could give my money back .
I am looking forward your answer .
I think technology has changed my life and the way of living of almost all people around the world .
Since the creation of PCs , people - and me too , of course - are making different things .
For example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone .
I can know what is happening in differents parts of the world in a few minutes .
In my case I dislike computers .
I do n't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help us to make our lives easier .
Our life will be managed by robots and they will replace us in our jobs .
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a two weeks travel to Camp California .
I will give you some information which helps you to know me better .
I would like to travel to camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you .
I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my travel .
About accommodation , I think tents would be great .
Basketball and swimming I think are the best for the children .
Basketball will help children to build team character and leadership .
And swimming is very good for health .
I swim really good and I am a proffesional basketball player .
I count on my experience .
And there are few questions I would like to ask .
I am looking forward to our meeting .
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favorite band .
I came into their room and give hot Cheeseburgers , Coca - Cola and ice - cream to Peter .
It was the happiest moment of my life .
He asked me was the cheeseburger hot and I answered that it was .
I was very nervous talking with him .
He told me about concert programme and gave me his photo with a sign .
I will never forget that summer day .
It was my day , I am sure about it .
Well , I think that is all .
I am writting to you about the show .
I was very disappointed after this show .
I would like to have my money back .
After your show I wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , I did n't do it .
Also , you wrote about discounts , but it 's not true !
The woman , who sold a ticket was very roud with me , actually she started swearing at me .
And , I forget to say about actor , I did n't enjoy them .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , but any way I trusted him .
It 's happened 3 months ago , and during this months I am very upset .
I have a friend , his name Peter , he is my best friend .
One day Peter killed one boy .
They were just playing and be acsident , Peter shoot him .
I was there , I saw it .
We spoke with Pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone .
At first several days , Pat all the time was with us .
So , now my best friend is prisoner .
All the time I am thinking about Peter .
He will be in the prison 5 years .
Perhaps , he moved into another town .
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me , about the two weeks at Camp California that I won .
Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off in the beginning of the month .
For the accommodation , I would prefer in tents because I like adventure and simplicity .
Concerning the available activities , firstly , I would choose climbing because I have practised it for many years .
Secondely , I am interested in discovering something that I have never done , so I would like to do sailing .
I thank you in advanced and looking forward to your reply .
The day one consisted in surrounding the festival 's place with fences .
The second day objective was to install the scene , with lights , loudspeakers and all stuff .
This job was quite hard , but we took enough time to be not exhausted !
The last day , in fact the concert day was absolutely fantastic .
Finally , the concert was exactly that the people were expected .
I hop that the next time you will come with me !
However , there are some points which can be improved for the next year .
My suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries .
This kind of problem you could avoid when you look for big halls at the begining .
Another point where you could improve is when you show more plays and films next year .
To finish this letter with I would like to give you a good idea for next year .
I think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it .
The problems that you have here is the weather .
For example when it is rainy , because then everything get wet .
I am writing with regard to your advertisment .
It was my favorite play .
I was very hopefull that I was going to have a good time .
But there were many things which went wrong .
Because I did n't have any plan I decided to have a lunch in theatre restaurant .
The worst thing is that I could n't watch my favorite actor .
I was so dissapointted with that .
I could n't consentrate on the play any more .
Contrary to the advertisment everything was disapointing .
I regret to demand all my expenses .
I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible situation .
Technology has developed increasingly in recent years .
As a result of this our society has changed a lot .
On the one hand technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier .
On the other hand we have faced some problems , such as social and environmental problems .
Nowadays students have much more facilitis in education than before .
Although in those days the only way of learning was reading .
Than to technology we can reach any place in the world easily .
We can get some information more quickly .
Technology has a huge effect on our spare time activities as well .
Children play wit computer instead of usuall plays .
Despite the huge facilities technology has affected our lives negatively .
There has been change relatinships between people .
People are getting more and more lonely .
We have noticed the environmential damage in recent years .
While we are using technology , we should take into consideration environment .
We should n't allow to be exploited the world .
If we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully againgst the nature .
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world .
This choice does n't give many artists the possibility to expresse themself .
Some concert halls were too small and often people could n't see the performances .
There were many events that I think there were a few plays and films .
Maybe it would be better put more of them in the programme because they like so much to young people .
Thank you and greetings .
I think a good way to get money it 's work in a fast - food .
It depends on what you need .
This kind of job is perfect for the young people who want get money and in the meantime they have to study .
In the staff you can also find young people and getting fun with them during the work .
If you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that .
I am writing to complain about a musical show on 10 of June , and I was very disappinted .
To make the matter worse , I was travelling to London to see this famous starring but I did n't see any shows of them .
It make me a bit angry .
More than that , when I bought the ticket I did n't get any discounts .
I had to pay full prise .
I was very hungry and tired .
You said that it was a perfect evening out but it was n't like that .
I would like to refund some money back .
I would like you to give my money back as soon as possible .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I have a really good , freind , Pat who I was trusted and counted on her .
I have know her for five years .
and we were love each other very much .
One day , I was falling in love with closest freind .
I went out with him sometimes and we were happy .
My boy freind was very handsome , clever and very polite .
We were stedy at the same class at school and he also knowed Pat as well .
Personally , I wanted to keep serets because I afraid that we might have splited up .
And I would like to make sure that he was relly love me .
My boy freind told me that he wanted to surprise his freind in his class when the times comes .
To be honest , I wanted to share this felling to someone else but I needed to keep very secret .
I felt unhappy sometimes .
One day I decided to tell my best freind - Pat who I realio - on her .
I told her everything abat my boyfreind and when we were met each other and evertauly we were falling in love .
After I told her I felt my feeling had been released and I was happy .
I also told her to keep very secret did n't tell anyone in the class .
I was absolutely ambaressed and I wanted to ran out of the class .
I felt very angry to Pat and I should n't have told her about my boy friend .
I recived your letter and I am very excited about the camp .
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take money with me .
Thanks for your attentions .
I am great especially last weekend in the concert of Backstreet Boys .
The next second I was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with The Backstreet Boys .
I had a great time that day .
Well I have to go now .
Hope to hear from you later on .
I am writing to complain about your product .
I would like you to back my money because that was not same as your advertisement .
I was planning to spend my holiday in London when I found your advertisement .
In the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , price discount and equipment .
It made me so dissapoint and angry .
You should back my money immedeastry because that night was far from parfect .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He always tried to say nothing and did .
But everyone always noticed he had secrets from his face .
Whenever he has secrets , his nose moves quickly .
He had not liked this habit and had thought it was wrost of him until he solved a big crime .
When all money had gone from a bank , nobady there except Pat .
Bank robbers said him if Pat told the fact somebody they killed him .
Pat did n't say anything .
But his nose moved quickly when police showed a picture of bank robbers .
Then police realized who were bank robbers and arested them .
Although bank robbers complained to Pat , he said nothing to anybody .
Thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all money were backed to the bank .
The town became peace again .
Oh , for last I just would like to ask you how many clothes , and money I have to bring with me .
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e - mail , as normal mail .
I am really happy for receive your congratulations .
Was very exciting moment and very nice competition .
And now to be the first winner .
And for the second question .
But anyway I like more to have the possibilities for practice climbing and surfing .
Meanwhile , these activities are develop .
I am really appreciate if you can answer me these doubt and saying again .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
People in general have a compulsory actitud for shopping in my opinion .
And the other they choose sometimes just for the label .
We know is more easy for these busy life .
In the other hand the facilities for access to mall center is not good .
The area for parking , space for play grown to the children or bus station near the mall is not really appropiate .
Otherwise shopping will be more enjoyable .
I am writing to complain about the musical show Over the Rainbow , that I went to see on the 16th of June .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Maria was speechless , it was the first time that she did n't know what to do , so she decided to stop talking to Pat .
After 3 weeks , Maria got ill so she was not available to go to school .
However , there are may other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London .
For example , in the time of our visit there is going to be The London Fashion and Leisure Show .
It is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage on .
We hope changing the excursion program a little will not cause any problems .
Our suggestion is to visit Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday .
Because the fashion show lasts a whole day long .
We are ready to give up our shopping and Free time .
We are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request .
Famous people are living creatures .
They breathe , eat , feel and beside that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else .
On the other hand , they must have done something to become famous .
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Fesival I attended last weekend .
I would be very thankful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year .
I hope you find my opinion useful .
Once again congratulations on the Festival .
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time .
If looking after children does n't fit you , you can try with pets .
Lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk .
So if you like animals this is your chance to earn money and have fun at the same time .
Another option is to wash your neighbour 's car .
In this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but do n't worry , soap is not very expensive .
Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you provided .
It was very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class would enjoy .
However , our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and would all wish to attend .
It will be held at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on the 14th March .
The show will be about all the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
We would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students .
I have a few suggestion on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .
We could do as planned for Monday and move going to the Science Museum from Tuesday to Wednesday afternoon .
We can however go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show .
Lastly , I would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show .
I hope you would consider this matter .
I look forward to hearing from you .
No , in the future , the present will be the past and these things now new to use will be old , outdated and changed .
I see a very different home for us in the future .
Most things will be computerised .
We might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys .
We an on and off lights with touch pads and remote controllers .
We might even be able to open the door without getting out from the living room .
Cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door .
Although all that may change our houses may be still the same .
We might still favour that old carpet and couch .
The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the amount of rooms should not change too .
In the future , every child might have a laptop .
Never have to leave the house or wake up so early .
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we are using .
People will be able to adjust and change with the times .
In addition we would like to thank you about the programme .
Firstly , I would like to give you some details about this show .
Secondly , I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly what does it include .
I believe , that if somebody wants the fame and the glory must be tottally sure about the results .
Another succesfull carreer such as , film stars must also be balanced .
If somebody wants to be famous of cource must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her .
But I think that the are limits .
Everybody deserve to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer .
It does n't matter what kind of carreer or job you are follow .
You must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself .
In this way , we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and the , we can go to the show .
Please let me know if you are agree with us !
Oh I forgot about it !
Looking forward to hearing from you .
So , we have the future in our hands !
It is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment .
Moreover , students are allowed to admit for free .
It would be grateful if you give a little change in programme so that we are able to attend the show .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has considerably been changed by rapdily developing mordern technology .
To begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house .
50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning woods to warm a room up and make food .
Since the eletric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their life have been far easier than before .
On the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a family .
Computer might know better than human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen to do Tennis and Swimming .
I am good at playing Tennis and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be a useful training for me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
My work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking the people to their seats .
Anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems .
Thank you very much for the prize .
Thank you for your letter .
So if I could travel in July , and coming back before 6th of August , that would be great .
I would prefer living in tents to log cabins .
I have never had any experience to live in a tent , so I would like to give it a go .
I think I will enjoy myself in a tent .
I love swimming , but I am not any good at swimming .
I really wanted to learn how to swim .
I was wondering if there is a coach could give us a lesson during the Camp .
I am glad I had taken a part in a few competitions , and I was so proud of our basketball team .
After that , I had to help people who had a ticket but ca n't find their seat .
I was excited that I had a closer look at so many famous pop stars .
That was bit boring , but it was part of my job .
Write to you next time .
I am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the Competition .
About accommodation , I would prefer log cabins , because I have a problem in my back .
Therefore , I need to sleep in a bed .
Also tents are not fairly comfortable .
On the other hand , I keen on painting , however , I have never painted in my life , so I would like to try it .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me an address .
I looked at him and I realised that this person was David Bowie .
I could n't believe it .
He was trying to speak in Spanish , but his accent was terrible .
So , I started to speak in English with him .
I explained to him where was the street that he was looking for and we carried out with the conversation for a while .
I thought he was very rude , but I was wrong , he is n't arrogant at all and he looks very simply .
I liked my experience with him and I think the best part was when he gave me his e - mail address .
Well my friend , I have to go , because I got an appoinment with the Dentist .
Write me soon and take care .
I felt how luck I was .
I am studying Economics and I am very busy nowadays .
My exams will have finished at the end of June .
I will only be able to set off in July and I also will give my thesis to my teacher in August .
This holiday will help me to think and prepare it .
Basically , I do n't like staying in a small tent .
I used to climb mountains and am good at climbing .
I am fond of swimming but unfortunately I am not a good swimmer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I do apologise for this .
Last month I helped the service crew at a pop concert .
It was unbelievable and tiring as well .
I saw all the pop bands and singers .
I heard them talking behind the stage .
They signed my diary and took a photo with me .
Being a security guard was the hardest task .
Carrying big speakers place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laugh .
Believe it or not I put make up on one famous singer 's face .
I was just walking down by dressing room manager said that if I could help them .
I could n't believe my eyes .
I was in her room and helping her .
Especially I liked that time .
I advise you to do something like that .
I look forward to hearing from you .
They had invited us and we wanted them to see us stunningly beautiful .
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsie .
I was in the Plaza Espagna in Florence without a penny !
My friends lent me some money , but it was n't more than 120 pounds .
I had to buy my dress , it 's accesories and besides clothes and souvenirs !
I could n't really do much , so I used the money I had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs .
First of all , we happy to won the first prize on your competition .
Thank you for choosen our ticket at the final .
We like to go on July , because my wife Catrin just have holidays next month .
We prefer the last two weeks on July .
Is there a possibility to stay in a log cabin .
It would be great if we can choosen swimming and Golf .
My wife Catrin is a local master on swimming race .
In Golf , we are both total beginners .
We have no experience but we like to learn this game .
Finally , we like to know , when you will send us the airline - tickets and the tripbrochure .
We looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Thank you very much for your last lovely letter .
We were mainly on work for all the lights at this great concert .
Its sounds easy , just for the light .
Finally , we had worked the hohl night befor the concert .
We had to adjust the laser extremly on the correct position .
We spent hours till it was good enough for the Technical - manger .
Moreover , the band was exhausted about this great laser show at the end .
For me was this aventure one of the Best .
It shows , when all member of a group work hard together , you can reach a lot .
With this letter I want to show you some problems I had last week in your theatre with your show .
First of all , I want to introduce myself .
I was very upset because the show had many problems .
First the actor was changed and his performance was very poor and disappointing .
Then , the show began 45 minutes later , so we had to wait very long .
The advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not .
At the end you said it will be a Restaurant , but it was closed , so we could n't eat anything untill we got home .
For example , I was born knowing the man has stepped on the moon .
There are some machines which have helped in my development , and others which help me to make my life easier .
There are other machines which are bad for the environment .
Many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it before .
Technology has to move further so it can solve problems as pollution , so we can live better and longer .
After that , I would like to say Thanks , I never have won any price at all .
Now , I will answer your requests .
I used to go to campings .
About camp activities I would prefer to do basketball and photography .
I have recently bought a new camera .
Finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp .
I am writen to you telling about my experience at a pop concert .
Now I can tell you that it was an amaizing challange for me because I never did anything like that .
Particularly I am pleased to had know the most popular pop stars in the world .
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show Over the Rainbow .
I have recently been in London for spending a week 's holiday .
As I am an enthusiasmic of musicals I went to see this musical show .
I am very disappointed because the things that were writen on the advertisment were not really true .
It was writen that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
Danny Brook is one of my favorite actors and there was playing another one .
I felt abosolutly disapointed .
As you say in your advertisment it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Modern technology has changed a lot our daily life .
In the past it was impossible to go to Paris from Barcelona and come back in one day .
I think that the most important modern technology in these days is internet .
To sum up modern technology has change a lot our daily life and this is going to increase .
So we would like to suggest you how the programme could be changed .
Please let us know , as soon as you make your decission .
With best wishes , your student .
First of all I want to congratulate your cousin with fifteenth birthday and with all the best .
I hope that it will be good holiday for her , her family and friends .
But when I was fifteen my favourite book Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
So I hope I could help you .
Write me as soon as you can .
I have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply .
Secondly , if you do n't mind , I would prefer to sleep in a tent .
Although it is not very comfortable , I like camping very much .
Thirdly , I am very interested in swimming and also climbing .
I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on .
I am very good at swimming as well because I practise this sport every week in my city .
I look forward to hearing from you .
However , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them .
I think you should check the information before print it !
And nobody told me why !
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been changed and the new one was n't good at all .
I could n't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for reparations .
Please answer my letter as soon as possible .
I did n't have a computer until I was eight .
Then my brother and I started to develop a new ability .
In that time I used the computer only to play with its video games .
When I was thirteen I discovered a completely different use for my computer .
It became scencial to do my homework .
And years later it enabled me to get a very good job .
One day my mother got a terrible disease .
She had to be operated on and my family and I were very scared .
But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he answered us that the operation was a very simple one .
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she would n't survive .
The modern technology is better now than what it used to be .
Now I would like to have your point of view .
It 's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities .
As I told you in my last letter , last month I worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in Barcelona .
It was such a great experience !
Anyway , I had lot of fun working for them .
I hope you write again soon .
I would like to know only in July because I have set my holidays this month since last January .
I will be pleased to swim and paint when I am at the camp .
Therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but it is not always the case .
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to offer some thing to someone .
In fact you try to get a present to make receive happy .
Shopping is also good , when you know what you want .
In the opposite , shopping can be disenjoyable .
Shopping is boring if you go with people too fussy .
Shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops .
They waste their time .
To conclude , I agree with shopping is not always enjoyable .
Even if I like to do shopping with some people and kind of shops I will kill myself because I waste my time .
I hope in your answer and in your explanation about this .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
That might be a secret for Francis - and they decided the program and the present , a new gold watch .
The last day all the friends went to Pat 's home with food , musical instruments , tape recorder .
Pat was very excited about this .
In the night Francis was invited to the party , at Pat 's home .
The Francis 's secret was discovered !
Now all the Pat 's friend do n't tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .
I went to your show called Over The Rainbow and I was really disappointing in many points .
So I was really surprised .
In addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late .
It was boring for everybody .
How could we appreciate the show properly .
Moreover , in your advert you spoke about discounts available but it was not the case .
No discounts were available .
You offered something impossible to do .
I did not have a good time for all of this reasons and I would like you to give my money back .
I hope your understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
The nightmare started at this time .
I though she was a really good friend but I made a mistake .
She could n't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy I was in love with .
She did n't tell me yet but when I came in class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well .
I looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class .
I followed her and caught her to push her on the ground .
I was ready to fight but somebody stopped me .
I could n't go back to the class so I went home .
My Mum was at home and I told her all the story .
She said that I had to be strong and did n't care about them .
At this time all the girls became jealous and stopped to laugh .
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thanks for organising a school trip to London .
We have seen the programme list and we all think it will be enjoyable .
Especially to the science museum because we all doing science in school .
So , it would be greatful if you can give us this opportunity to watch the show .
We also can suggest how the originally programme can be changed .
We will have free time on Wednesday afternoon .
So we can do shopping instead .
We are all looking forward for you answer .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Because there was a man had a serious car accident and I was walking pass him .
Nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes .
I was struggling because I knew if I did n't help him , he would die in a short time .
And checking his body condition .
After that I turned on the car light in order to tell the passing cars .
I ran back home for help .
I phoned to police And told the whole story .
The strange thing happened to me , when I got back to that man .
The car and the man were not there anymore .
I just receive your letter with the good news .
I enjoy swimming and singing and I would like to join others in these activities .
Thank you for these wonderful two weeks at Camp California .
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to make a present for someone in my family .
I am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show I saw at your theatre .
The show started forty - five minutes later and this really disappointed me .
Definetely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate your if it was possible to have my money back .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
She was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit .
This was her only fault .
She had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her .
That was why she decide to change her behaviour .
The secret was about a surprise - party for her bestfriend 's birthday .
The day of the party arrived and Pat succeeded in keeping the secret .
All her friends were amazed at her change and started trusting her at once .
I thought that Dany Brook who is my favorite actor play in that show .
And I was really disappointed when I saw Jeremy Brook on the stage .
I would be very grateful if I could get my money back .
That evening which should be my perfect evening out , was in fact very tireing and boring .
Apologise me for disturb .
I am looking forward for answer !
It started a week before that day .
Pat found the great place for the party called Blue Box .
My friend and I made a perfect decoration with ballons and other party stuff .
Everyone told us it was breath taking .
She entered the room , and everyone shouted HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR !
She was so touched that we started to cry .
Enyway the disco was great , music also .
Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever get !
I must say that International Arts Festival is really great idea .
And your last festival was very intresting too .
But also there are some notes that you should improve in the next year 's festival to make it absolutelly wonderful .
I think it can make your festival more popular .
Your dance shows are very beautiful , art exhibitions is something original and exciting .
And also it is very interesting to talk with writers .
I hope you will continue to making your festivals .
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting .
The question you asked me in it is very original too .
I must say that rules are n't same in schools of our country .
Every school has it 's own rules .
I think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students .
We are all very friendly in our class and we help to each other when we have a problem .
So the main rule in our school is regarding theachers .
My parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right .
I hope everything is good in your family and your school .
I would like to travel in July to California .
The reason is that we have long holidays at school on this time .
I have choosen the activities surfing and photography .
Most of the time is shopping fun and enjoyable .
There are a lot of reasons that could be awful to go shopping .
Even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find .
I had once this problem .
I was looking for a special fruit .
The sales assistants in the stores are n't so nice and helpful .
Sometimes they give me a bad feeling as , , customer treat with order .
He wanted everything what his eyes saw .
All the stuff for children are in the same level as they have their eyes .
Afterwards , I felt tired and unsatisfy the store .
The shops have bad opening times .
Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing about I dreamed a lot .
You asked me few questions in your letter .
I would like to answer .
The only one term for me to visit you is July .
I can come to USA on July becouse on August I will be working with my father .
We are building a new house for our family .
Tent will be more cooler to sleep then the cabin .
You offer a great veriety of activities .
My best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball .
I am a life guard and I could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer .
Basketball is the game which I love .
Shoping is not always enjoyable .
Ten or fifteen years ago we had in Poland empty shelves in shops .
We could only buy things from Russia .
People alwas queued for stuff from west .
If you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night .
It was the worst side of shopping in Poland couple years ago .
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market lots of privete shops , markets and super - markets .
We can buy everything what about we imagine .
Polish super market are not Polish origin shops .
They are imported from enother Western Europe country .
I apprieciate this shops for lots of products , cheep prices end big spaces .
But the problem is when I want to buy only one thing , for example bread .
On Friedy evening and at on the weekdays each supermarkets are crowded .
They are filled by people who went buy everything .
I do not like crowded places .
This is the reason why I do not like shopping .
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate I have won first prize in your competion .
I can tell you I am only free in July .
As regard as the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to practise painting and photography .
I am a painter in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals .
I like also taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips .
So when I go back home I can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting .
I would like also to know how much money I can bring .
In the first I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do so in a hurry or for duty .
If you have to run from one shop to another and always looking at the watch , doing shopping is a terrible activity .
For istance , it is funny enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t - shirt although you do not buy anything .
To sum up I enjoy wasting money and buying useful things or not .
I often like getting gifts for my relatives and friends .
Thanks you very much for your recent letter .
As your questions , I am free to travel only on July because I will having my holiday after finished the exams .
And , I have to returned to my university by August .
Also , please advice for any necessary things to prepare and bring .
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Last month , I was partly in the concert teams .
It was a big one that I never thougth and I could n't imagine how amazing was it .
I did n't know what is my responsible until they called me to trained .
You might understand how excited I was .
I am a foreign student who is on holidays here .
I am going to stay here a week .
I went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible .
I would like to explain you my experience because I want you to give my money back .
The last Monday , I went to the theatre with two friends .
We arrived on time but the musical show was delayed untill half - pass eight .
Moreover , we had n't any disscount for beeing students .
On the other hand , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us .
When there was a restful we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late .
We could n't have a drink .
Finally , it would be grateful if you could answer me soon .
Our lives are changing .
When I was a child I had different entertainments that the actually children had n't .
We could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy without a computer .
We had n't so many machines than they have .
The technology is growing and growing .
If you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want .
It 's very important but some times it is a wrong thing because the children can see it too .
Moreover you can change the TV programme without getting up .
We can find information about the weather , sports on our TV - text .
On the other hand , the science is changing .
We have more researchers than some years ago and we will be able to find the solution of lots of problems .
Actually , we can cure illness which were very dangerous before .
The new technology is changing our lives .
I spent two days there , and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been at .
I also hope , that the festival could be even better next year .
It would explain , why some concert halls were simply too small - you just could n't afford bigger ones .
On the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose impressed me most .
I thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year .
My suggestion for next year 's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer !
Thank you for your last letter - I was very pleased to receive it .
We do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal .
We do n't have to wear any special uniforms on signs of our school .
We are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course !
In winters we are to change our shoes .
I am also used to write exams which are in polish schools very often .
At home I do n't have many rules either .
Also , in Augost I will be studying a summer English course .
In addition , I would prefer to stay in a tent .
Because I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and every days comforts , in these two weeks .
Basketball I have been playing in a team , of my town for ten years .
Also Tennis is my favourite hobby and I play twice every week with my friends .
Finally , I would be grateful to you , if you told me about clothes and money .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
First of all , I think that I help them .
Every day of that month I was trying to advertise this concert .
I know , It was difficult and tired but I enjoyed a lot .
Firstly , it was a good break from the routine .
Because I did it for first time .
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw , that the concert had succesed and every day was croweded .
Because I believed that this was a result which came with my help .
I would like to do again it in the future .
It was a fantastic experience .
All students are very pleased and we are looking forward to go to London .
London is the place to be when always something happening .
We think is the great opportunity to see latest fashion , find about make up and hairstyles .
According to your programme we have the science Museum which is in the morning and then shopping .
All students will be very greatful .
I think for all of us home is something which is a very important .
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come frome .
Anyway home is always the place to go because is ours we feel save and comfortable .
After hard work we want to go home to have our corner where we are all able to rest and relax .
I think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep .
We live in the very busy world !
Working long hours , doing plenty of activieties , going out , going on holidays .
We even do n't spend time with families .
Propably in the future we might be to busy to go to our own home and spend some time there .
Some of us have been living in one house since they were born .
Over the Rainbow , which you advertised .
I saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th June .
However , I was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement .
First of all , I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his play .
He did not play in the evening .
We waited for ages because we had not been informed .
Finally , we went to the restaurant in your theater after the show .
It was closed because of the staff trainning .
Unless I hear from you within ten days , I shall have to take legal advice on the matter .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
It is believed that our life style has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machine etc .
Especially for families .
I have found very expensive to buy them but there are number of advantages .
First of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full time and look after my children .
It is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working .
Before buying my dishwasher I asked my son to wash them .
He complained about a lot .
In my opinion , the morden technology make our life style combinient .
It is very good for us but I think we should think about more carefully when we buy something for our children .
During the show I was expected to meet Danny Brook who is my favourite actor and Tina Truelove .
There are Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them .
It really disappointed me .
After finishing the show I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed .
Finally I would like to have refund for my ticket back because it was horrible evening .
The sun was shining and wind were breezing like we had imaged .
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yestarday .
At the beginning I would like to answer questions you asked me in your letter .
As I was requested I should choose two activities from the list .
So I decided to choose climbing and photography .
These two are easy to connect , I could climb and make pictures at the same time .
I am very keen on photography .
Climbing , in contrast , is something I started few months ago , so I have not gained any success in this sport .
But you could give me a chance to get more familier with it .
I would like to ask about clothes .
I want to thank you ones more for taking me into consideration in your competition .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You had to be disappointed .
There is a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping .
You might spend too much money and buy something you do n't really need .
You could also buy something which later turns out to be out of order .
So you have to complain about it .
Very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time .
Moreover , you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager .
This leads to an escalation of your anger .
Sometimes you could find a bargain .
You are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price .
But at home you noticed that there is a tear on sleeve .
And you could n't of course give it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee .
You could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money .
Somebody could give you not enough change .
So if you do n't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping .
I would like to complain about the show which you presented on last saturday .
It was such disappointing evening out with my friend during our a week 's holiday in London .
We have had a quite pleasant time except the evening .
Actually it spoiled our time .
So I would like to get back our money .
These are some points I want mention about the differencies between the advertisement said and the realities .
First , I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook plays his role , but he had never shown up that night .
The main actor was an unknown actor .
It was a such disappointing .
It was 45 minutes later than it suppose to be .
It was a such boaring to wait the show in a noisy and hot theatre .
Third , there was no possibility of discount .
Forth , the theatre restaurant was closed .
There was a not on the door saying that the painting was going on the weekend .
Finally the sentence was written blow down on the advertisement was absolutely not true .
It was most imperfect evening out I ever exprienced .
I wish that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need give back the money we paid .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time to make intimate friendship with people around me .
First it was because of the culture difference .
It took quite long time to adjust in the multi culture in the language institue .
Secondly the language ability was another issue .
I really wished to have a friend can share everything is going in our lives .
She was a such wonderful person in our class .
She tried to help others when they have difficult time at school .
One day she realized that I was always been outside of circle .
One day she invited me to her flat .
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together in weekend usally .
We had a fantastic time together for three monthes .
Even we could make a trip to Paris in the school holiday !
We had many common interests in music , art and books .
I thought that I found a good friend in my life .
So I told her everything about my life .
There were some stories I never told anyone before , but I had share with her all my secrets .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Few days later I told her about my secret love story , it became a top gossip among my classmate .
Thank you for your letter and your congratulations .
I never thought that I would win the competition .
It is really wonderful .
I am a student at Portsmouth College and the end of this term is 23 June , so I can only travel in July .
I wonder if it is all right for that time .
I prefer live in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable .
I like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere when I live in .
I like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming .
I want to go there now .
I look forward to your letter .
This report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it .
Lots of student normally have classes in the morning .
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon .
For instance , reading , looking for some information or using computer .
The arts students want to learn another foreign language .
Moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that aim to the examination .
Most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon .
Open some foreign language classes at part - time for the students who is interested in it .
Let foreign students do more excises about English to help them pass the exam .
Using the equipment and area what we have to organise some activities .
I am writting to thank you for your letter confirming the first prize that I won in your competition .
I would like also with the present to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip .
Furthermore , in August I will be preparing for my course at the University which I am starting next September .
I would like also to specify if the food is including in the prize .
Please let me know if you need more information .
As requested , I visited some classes during the lesson and some other rooms while activities were taking place .
The aim of this report is make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed .
I think also that will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background .
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July , due to the problems beyond my control .
Otherwise I will not be able to travel abroad .
It is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp .
As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in them .
I came second last year 's swimming competition and I have enrolled photography classes .
In the camp I can practise them alot .
I was wondering if I need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency .
I am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another .
However this term has been a far cry from the others .
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge consert whose singer was a well - known pop star as well as my favorite .
Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs some of which I put in the envelope .
It was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion .
I helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments .
It 's great to visit especially the Science Museum because of its expositions .
The London fashion and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday .
Our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon .
By this way , the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion .
Famous people are special for the rest of the society .
They form opinions and invent new fashion styles .
If the famous person does n't mind in being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect .
Everybody likes to be with your family without any reporter or photographer .
The respect is essential .
They deserve to have a private life like any common person .
First of all , the actors were different from those who were advertised .
It was my dream to see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , so it is still my dream because of your show .
So , I had no perfect evening out and I want my money back .
Fifty years ago people even did n't think that after 2000 years they would have another life .
When Thomas Adison invented an electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that centure .
And nowadays modern technology can change all our life .
I mean , almost everyone has now a car , a computer , a mobil phone and even an airplane .
My life is changing too .
Second modern technology helps me in the kitchen .
Coocking became faster with the help of the microwave .
What is more Modern technology prevents different illnesses .
On the other hand people can atrophided of all this inventions .
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you organised for our trip to London .
Especially the sightseeing by bus seems to be very interesting .
This would be a great opportunity because we are all intrested in clothes , sports and fashion .
I have almost forgotten to mention that it is free for students !
Unfortunately we realised that on the 14th we will already visit the Science Museum .
We could maybe change Tuesday 's programme to Wednesday .
Please think about this and give us an answer .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
I am fine but quite busy because I have my German exams .
Therefore I read Agatha Christie 's , , Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
It is also a suitable present for your cousin , I think .
One story is about ten persons who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island .
There is a storm and they can not leave .
Suddenly a murderer happens !
Believe me , you would never guess who the killer is !
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective and he finally solves the mistery .
But I will not tell you more .
You have to read it yourself .
And if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book !
Unfortunately it is quite expensive ,  32 .
But do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it !
Okay , I hope to have news from you very soon .
First of all , I think I would like to travel in July , which will be the only month for me to go .
I think sleeping in a tent is funnier than others .
Look forward to hearing from you .
In fact , there is nothing very important I did , because we are not the right people to do it .
I only put the speakers in the right places , or helping engieners tested the lights .
The fourth day , the singers and the players have been to there to test .
Then I had a chance to speak with them .
From that , I learnt more about instruments .
Finally , the date of concer came .
Anyway , now I have to stop to finish my homework .
According to your advertisement , the starrings were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE .
I decided to go to see this show because of its starrings , but at the day I saw it , a different actor played .
He was not DANNY BROOK .
Moreover there was no discount ticket .
They were all sold out .
You should have said they were very few .
I had to buy a  20 ticket .
To make matters worse , the time that the show started was delayed .
That 's why I could n't have a dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show .
It had already closed , when the show finished .
Modern technology has changed my life .
Especially , a computer has made my daily life change dramatically .
I open my e - mail box every night .
Before using e - mail , I used to write letters and sometime telephon .
Because as soon as I send my message , they can receive it .
In the other word , I can also receive their reply soon .
It 's really useful , when I need quick reply .
Overmore when I send e - mail , I need not worry about the time .
I can send them anytime I like .
I am writing to complain about the show , Over the Rainbow which I saw in your theatre last week .
I was really disappointed because the show was far from what I expected .
First of all , I was really expecting to see Danny Brook , my favourite actor .
However , he was not on the stage that day .
Secondally the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes without doing anything .
It was a waste of time .
Furthur more , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay .
I had to go home without eating a dinner , though I was really hungry .
I have to say that the evening was terrible .
If I had known all of them , I would have changed my plan and could have a better time .
I strongly suggest you should give us right information .
I also would like to claim some refund for the evening .
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention .
People have become more informal , casual and practical than before .
First of all , people might think more about the function of clothes than the design .
It 's like a joke , but a bit scarely .
It is said that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove in the advertisement .
However , there was a different unknown actor in that .
After the show , I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed because of no reason .
The real show on it owns is really very different to what are mentioned in the advertisement .
I am unsatisfied and would like to ask for some money back .
Please would you also change the advertisement to the level of the actual facts .
Thank you for your attention .
It is a very hard thing to predict .
The fashion of nowaday clothings is just keep on changing .
Although some may appears again after few years different styles are developed .
For the colours , I think the metalic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular .
Maybe paper can also be a farbic use for make clothings and for those who like to wear new clothes everyday .
It will be great to spend two weeks at Camp California .
First of all , I would like to say that the only month available from me to travel is July .
I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is for going with my parents to France .
This has been scheduled 3 months ago .
About accommodation , I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are more cleaner than the tents .
There is one question I would like to ask you about the Camp .
I would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes .
I hope this letter contains all the information you need from me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Maybe for women , but not for me .
I know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it 's what really happens .
For men , sometimes is hard to go shopping with their partners .
Sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town .
And of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like .
You can not lose the time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive .
And that is allways what we want .
That 's men 's intention .
Another point is to go a big area .
Specially week - ends .
Everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around .
People should have to take a license to drive those things .
Someone could be injured .
And of course , the time to pay .
A huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out .
In conclusion , for me to go shopping is not enjoyable at all .
I would be grateful if you do it .
Nowadays , technology is the most useful tool that human beings have .
It affects everyone who live in this planet and every activity made in it .
I use technology every moment but I did not realise .
Apart from this , I do n't spent my free time in technology .
I am writing to ask about your advertisement and theatre show .
I am a student in Liverpool , and recently I had a week 's holiday in London .
First day in London , I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me .
But I was really disappointed it .
First of all , there was only one actor that was different from your advertisement .
Also , it was certain to me to bought a discount tickets cause I am a student .
But , it was not availiable .
Second , I went to the theatre exactly seven thirty in the evening .
However the show started 45 minutes later .
I wasted time too much for waiting .
It was not good to me , cause I had only one week holiday in London .
Moreover the theatre restaurant was closed with the word Stuff vacation on the front door after the show .
It was absolutely different from your leaflet .
On the whole , I was really disappointed at that time .
I enclose my phone number and address .
Fashion of the Future .
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with simple design in the future .
Because the people will stay at home more than now with their computer .
And they will use soft cozy cloths like cotton and silk .
Some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of others will be familiar to us .
And they will use the most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc .
Maybe some peoples are nakid .
Just imagine the way of future people 's life .
And you can see the their clothes also .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I was really surprised and very happy when I read that I have won the first prize .
The activities I would like mot to do are climbing and surfing .
Many people , especially women , love shopping .
But shopping is not always enjoyable .
First of all because of the big variety in the store .
And very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want .
Another cause is that shops and stores are often overcrowded .
Very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people .
With the accomodation , I would prefered tents becase it is more according with a camp .
Thank you very much for everything .
Here I am , writting you to tell everything about my wonderful experience at the concert .
You ca n't imagine How much did I enjoy that journey .
And later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started .
And I was helping them fixing the last details .
After the concert I only help with tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean .
Later the band was talking to me , I could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band .
Thank you for the letter you have sent recently .
It was a surprise to know that I won the first prize .
The reasons I am really writing , However , is to give you some details of my trip to California .
In the letter you said that accommodation provided can be either tents or log cabins .
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes have we bring .
Do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the Camp .
I would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is .
thanking you in anticipation .
I look forward to hearing from you .
What a surprise it was to get letter from you after all this time .
This is just to let you know with whom I worked .
In order to celebrate the 125 aniversary of the city , the Coun Council organised an open air concert .
It was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend .
I knew some help was needed so I decided to speak to the manager .
My job was to leave some leaflets on shops , restaurants and streets .
Working with this band was an experience I will never forget .
What I really enjoyed was been part of the staff .
Although I was too nervious , I knew I could do the job well .
Perhaps I could show you the pictures I took .
I am writing to express my dissapointment about the play over the rainbow which is performing at Circle Theatre .
Surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage , during the play .
Therefore , the theatre or the company is lying .
Secondly , the show started one hour fifteen past after .
We arrived at the theatre in time and we had to wait all that time until the show began .
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an agressive employee refused to answer me .
He stayed looking at me and laughing .
The evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from the promise written in the advertisement .
Defineteley , I want my money back as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
However , I have to admit that I told her my own opinion .
Well , it was the beginning of my tragedy .
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely agressive .
In that precisely moment I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter 's niece .
I know it 's my fault .
But , well , unhappiness started with Pat and my reveilled secrets .
Firstly , the play started nearly an hour later as I expected !
If the spectacle has been beautiful , I would have been quite pleased to wait .
Then , I had read that there would have been discounts available , but it was n't true !
So it 's better not to write anything if you do n't make it true then .
The main actor , Danny Brook , was changed and the one who played his part was n't as good as I expected .
For all these reason , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon !
Organize better your shows and do not exagerate with publicity !
There would be many things to say about .
Technology is a wide field which increases very quickly .
It 's creating an artificial world , where everything is electronic and fast .
Certainly , thanks to it , we can do things today that were impossible a few centuries ago .
When appeared the first car , it was already a great success .
Before that , people travelled by horse or worse .
Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America , Australia or wherever else he wants !
We pay less attention to our life , to those things which give us happiness , that are n't money , success , power .
Finally , everyone should decrease his own life 's rythm .
I was very excited with the idea of going to the theatre , but it did n't work out as I thought it will .
To finish my marvelous evening , I wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given .
As I did n't have a perfect evening out , I think I have the right to ask for my money back .
I hope you understand .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Two years ago in this school , Pat and I used to be best friends .
We used to tell everything to each other .
I was having some family problems , so my marks were getting down and down .
Pat was worried , she did n't know what to do .
That afternoon she visited me and told me a plan she had designed to make my marks rise .
It consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hack the school software .
I thought it was a great idea , so I stole about ten tests we were planned to do .
Pat could n't stand the pressure of the crime so she told the school directors that I stole the tests .
I was punished , nearly expelt , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .
I never accused her of lying , and I you ask me why , I really do n't know .
I am writing to you after visiting your theatre .
Frankly speaking , I was very disappointed after my visit .
According to your advertisment I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all .
But nevertheless I decided to go to your show .
I had to wait in overcrowded hall .
When finally the show had started I found out that Danny Brook was replaced by another actor .
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook 's participance .
So , you could understand how disappointed I was .
To make matters worse the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisment was closed .
So I had n't such perfect evening , as was promised in your advertisment .
In my opinion , modern technologies play the important role in people 's life .
I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and Internet technologies .
Both computer and Internet influence people 's life .
I have to use computer every day .
It helps me in preparing my homeworks .
Firs of all Internet gives you an access to a great number of different information .
Though Internet has a lot of positive aspects I think you should be careful with it and not to be depended on it .
At the begining I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much .
However there are some problems that I hope to solve .
First of all the only suitable time for me to go is July .
It is the only time when I am free from my duties - I am a doctor so you see that I can not let my patients down .
If we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great - I love being close to the nature .
There is also one thing that I would like to ask You about .
Unconected part of every people lifes is shopping .
We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this are money .
As a teenager I must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable from shopping .
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like flaing .
Choosing gave me such big pleasure because I never have to worry from vere do I take money for my wishes .
It all comes from my parents .
All I ought to do is buy and choose .
It 's hard for me even to emagine the situation when shopping is not enjoyable .
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you ca n't have it .
Another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present .
I am sad to read about Richard not being at his best .
I hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
The college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
The end - of - conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
It will start by a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .
As nights may be cold at this time of the year , may I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Appart of that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
Because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
communication has changed , not improved .
For rescue teams , it is a great help .
It is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
I am writing to reply your letter you wrote me on 10 June .
You can make contact with Mrs Brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 .
The end - of - conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .
What 's more is , that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
As you see , what to wear is just something casual .
Basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
I hope your questions re answered appropriatly .
Now - a - day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
First of all , the efficiency of the society has been improved .
When shopping , we do n't need to wait the Kasse to take every article 's note by hand .
When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
Lastly the way of communications has been also changed .
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers .
A very important and severe problem is the reliability and security .
Till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough .
First at all , I am sorry about Richard illness .
Please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
Because it is a wellkown hotel it should be easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
Finally in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .
It will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward hearing from you .
Sagrada Familia a real holly building .
Gaudi conceived this church n 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 they started to build it .
Since the beginning the work was interrupted in different periods and started again .
After Gaudi death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
Nowadays , a hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible .
The visitor can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit .
There is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .
And , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
I am pleased to help you .
We looked in every hotel in Town trying to give you the best offerd .
We found two good hotels but we decided for the Palace Hotel .
This has the best price that we could find .
The conference day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the conference .
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is walking .
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual .
Finally , the last day I sugget you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
The aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum .
This is an historical building .
I asked to some pleople in town and this was the best place to choose .
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
Is situated in the top of a little mountain in the old part on the city .
You are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .
On the whole this is the best building in Acapulco for his history and reputation .
Is the best place to go and easy to get there .
My wish is that nothing goes wrong .
So you have to know more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is placed in the city centre .
As far as I know this hotel is very comfortable .
There is also a subway - station near Palace Hotel .
Our college is not much far away .
You only have to take the subway - train .
After three stations you have arrived Brooklyn street .
When you come out of the subway you see our college .
The students have prepared a music program for the end - of - conference party .
There will also be an international buffet .
So do n't eat too much before you come .
And please do n't worry about clothes .
There are not any rules .
In our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
I think you should visit Water World on your last day .
You will have a lot of fund , I can tell you .
If you need any further information please call me .
The telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
People use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my opinion people need a telephone .
For example a telephone is very important in job - life .
Nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also it is god for people 's safety .
You can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
The people use the telephone also for their personal life .
For example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
They are able to give and receive informations very quickly .
This invention has made our lives easier and quickier .
The telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .
It makes something possible you can not do .
Finally I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
I am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
It is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
The students can get there with the No 35 bus .
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at Palace Station .
The hotel is opposite the station .
It will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
There will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
It would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
Do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
It is a different expirience .
I recomment to visit this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
It is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit Nyremberg .
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too .
I am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college .
I would get you the information you are requested .
First of all , we have booked the Palace Hotel for your group .
This hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
Furthermore , this party would be in your hotel like the following years .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
The aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town .
I am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the Conference .
I hope I can answer your questions .
In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
I suggest you should go by train and go out in the Museum Station .
The Conference will happen in the Hotel , which is so much easier .
The Conference , not being modest , it is a quite well organized .
It will starts at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
I suggest you should wear something informal .
Even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .
I am very happy that you want to know my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
I look forward to hearing from you .
This is a good question .
The humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
Unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
Maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
The best way is definetely , by air .
After this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for us .
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it have changed people 's life in wars .
Until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
Let 's congratulate Santos Dummont !
Thank you for your lettre .
Of course I will give you some more detail about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been loocked in is the Palace Hotel .
Its located close to the main trainstation in our town .
It is quite near the conference building .
There will be extrabus to get there .
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entery .
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all students .
You do not have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear .
There are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lake .
If you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling .
Our Church is a very famous building at our country .
It is eighty meters long and its tower is fourty five meters high .
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side .
The tower is red and the church itself is white painted .
In the church are many expensive draws .
There is space for about five hundred people .
The church was built in 1385 .
It is rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it had been demaged .
The church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .
It has a interesting past .
The tower is absolutly marvelous .
You can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
Dear Mrs Smith , Hello Maria .
In this letter you will get all the information that you need .
And you can take the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College .
It is four bus stops .
The rest you already knows .
I suggest to wear shirts and jeans .
And the last three hours before you return , we can go to the Imax cinema to watch a 3-D film !
After we eat in the KFC .
Then we all take you and the students to the airport .
Madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .
But the best place for me is La Vaguada .
An entertainment and commercial building .
We can have fun as well .
And that 's why I recommend this place to you .
The building itself is a large building .
It is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
The buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .
People love this place and called it Madrid - two .
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .
Inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
And it is easy to come .
Just take the bus 83 or the sub - way .
In here , you can find everything that you want .
We chose the Palace Hotel because it 's near our college , too .
So you are going to come at the conference in some minutes .
We all are looking forward to seeing your group .
It is n't easy giving an answer at this question .
This animated box can give us a lot of informations coming from all around the world .
And we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing than engaging ourselves in something that make us do something .
Now we should be able to answer at the introducing question .
No , I do n't think so .
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't thinking that it could n't exist .
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of international students conference .
The conference which will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome drink together .
I am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit .
I would like to introduce one building in my town .
Sky Heaven which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building have a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the elevator .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in the world .
You should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tell you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
It is a good experience for your students .
I hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am glad to helping you for the organisation of the international student conference .
I hope that I have been able to give you some help .
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
I am writing a report , which will describe you the most important building of my town .
The most important building of Biasco is the , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda .
It is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
Into this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of Biasco .
Under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese is produced and why is it so famous in Tiano .
I hope that these informations will bring you to visit Biasco and its , , house .
Your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is only 2 miles away from our college .
You do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
It 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
There is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends .
I am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
To my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .
Cars take a big part in our life .
Everywhere you look you can see cars .
Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
I do n't think I need to comment on this .
I arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and I could n't drive at that time .
Johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
I could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
Since I passed my driving test I can not understand how I used to live without a car before .
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutelly love it !
I am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference .
First of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes Hotel .
It is very near York Railway Station which you can get there easily .
For example , men should wear suits , ties and the so on .
In addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
Finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
It would be grateful If we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
A car is one of the invention which is very useful .
I think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
Apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere .
The car has largely affected my own life .
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than use public transports .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought some cassets with me from Thailand .
I took a car driving theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a pratice driving test very soon .
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .
In conclusion , I think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !
Let me give you some further information concerning the event .
Firstly I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
Is called Palace Hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions .
The conference is not too far from your hotel .
After that our college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
You do n't need to wear formal clothes .
Just every day clothes .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
Do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
A traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
There is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
Inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hystorical books , maps etc .
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you .
I will remind you that the international student conference will be the next month on the first of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near the bus station .
When you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number 37 which will go to town center .
From there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from town center .
So we suggest to wear western clothes .
I hope that I had answer all of your question and that the conference will be grateful .
It is the unique old Roman school in the world .
This place is very important because it is there that an Emperor had growing up .
The door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important .
They decided to build more school specially in Switzerland because the people were considerated clever .
During the Second World War all school were demolished only our is left .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to answering our question .
Firstly , I already have booked Palace Hotel for the students .
There is the hotel near my college .
It takes five minutes to get my college by walking .
I will copy the map around the college .
Secondly , I will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
The party will be held in the dinning room .
People who will attend the party are many professers , semi - professers and faculties .
So I suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
Finally , I will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
The city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
For example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
I suggest that you should visit these places .
You will have a good time .
In addition , there are many other colleges .
You will be able to see many Japanese students .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
If you would like to gain more information , you will ask me everytime .
I suggest that you should visit one building .
My town is the capital of Japan .
So there are many higher buildings .
I think it is like New York .
However , I have only one building which I want you to visit .
I have three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in Tokyo .
The scene of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .
I hope when you visit , you will be favorite place .
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference .
I would like to help you with my best .
The hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the conference saloon .
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for students .
In addition , I suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
Finally , you would like to know some activities for three hours free time .
In this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available .
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Here is my report for American students who want information on an interesting building to visit in Ankara .
It is placed in the middle of the forest .
There is different kind of bird and different kind of trees present .
It has very big museum inside the building and all building made from stone .
Their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big army museum available .
It has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to seeing Ankara from the hill .
I am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference .
The hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel .
It is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car .
There is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
On Friday afternoon , it has set to be a free time .
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre which is near the college .
Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
Moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
There are many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light .
Some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
Owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
There , electric light has invented .
Nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .
It must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity in your house got a short circuit .
I think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
I was very please to receive your letter .
It is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference .
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when you arrive .
Therefore it is no good taking a bus .
I will help you to book the coach .
There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wearing pub - wears to it , as it is suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you could go the market at town during the 3-hour gap .
It is a nice place to buy the British style gifts to your family and friends .
You could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby .
I would be grateful to give any help if you need .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
It was found in 1910 .
It is a traditional type of chinese temple .
Because of the 2nd World War , it was re - built in 1960 .
A big Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world .
The location of Po Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
Then you need to take the bus A110 , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .
It is quite convenient .
All the buses and MTR have air - condition .
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos .
Of course , you may get more knowledge about Hong Kong , as the temple have been here for nearly 100 years .
The well known Big Buhha you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
The temple also provide free Chinese traditional style meals for visitors .
To sum up , I think Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit , especially for Americans students .
Easy to get there and free amittion .
There will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
Everybody are free to dress for the party but be considering to be appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near by the Airport .
There are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
If there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
I look forward to see you at the conference .
It 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
Because all of them are so important in difference way .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in tuch through e - mail .
However , the problem solved by a telephone .
We are now still friend .
Thanks to the invention of the telephone .
As for the last day I would suggest you to take a visit to the locall museum and the ruin 's Castle .
I always had consider myself been very looky to be born in the Century because all the amaizing human inventions .
As an example let 's have a look and we will see of this nation how it has developed .
I hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
I think that we have to think which hotel is better for the students .
I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me .
I was thinking about the Palace Hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties .
The party it will be nice .
On the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
Those are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that you will like it .
Today our article it will be about an inventions that we need inour life .
I think that all this things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .
The second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
It 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
The other one is the television .
You can enjoy you time to watch a film if you have free time .
The boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
In this year the familys they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .
First of all , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
It has a swimming - pool and a nice bar .
The hotel is ten minutes far from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
Next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
We can do a lot of things in my area .
We can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
I find television the most important invention .
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
With television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore .
Television is a good way to be informed with the news .
I hope it was useful for you .
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front .
It is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
Also , there is a museum of history inside .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel .
Going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
When you arrive to the Colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .
There will be music as well for dancing .
The director of the College has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving I have some suggestions .
In the area of the Hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
I hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .
I am looking forwards to see you at the Conference .
The computer is very useful and It has affect our own lifes , in differents meanings .
The computer has done easy a lot of works .
But , definetely they has been a very important invention .
The last relationed with computers is internet .
By internet you can comunicate with people of differents places of the world at the same moment .
And you can take lots of informations about a lot of things .
Every thing that you need you can find it in internet .
Nowadays computer are very developmented and it is increasing .
I have received your letter and I am glad I can help you .
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
When you are in the college ask for me .
We will prove you with food and drinks .
For your free hours I have quite a few ideas .
There are lots of things to do here .
We have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
If you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that .
I hope this information will be helpful .
If you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which I can not imagine myself living without .
Apart from being in - fashion it is also a very helpful machine .
Nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
Five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
It has been a plus for me .
All over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is not very far from my college .
You would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
Instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
I am looking forward to see you soon .
The Little Woods shopping mall is an idea place for you and your group to visit .
It is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum .
It can be accessed by the nearby train station .
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department stores could also be found .
A special trip could also be organized .
I am writting in connection with your letter bout the international student conference .
I appreciate if I can offer you my help .
I would like to give you necessary details , which can help you to organise the conference .
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
You need only 5 minutes by walking to catch the college .
After conference we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
The party will take place on forest close to camping place .
I hope we will have a nice weather .
Therefore , I suggest to wear some casual clothes .
The exposition will take place on Gribaldi museum , which you can find on the Crariden street N 5 .
You will never regred about my suggestion .
If you need more information let me knowe .
Report on the building at the Berkeley Square .
The Students , who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our City .
However the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .
Most of the Students found this building very particular , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past times .
This building attracts a lot of people , - because it has a very particular style with majestic , antique windows .
In addition , I also visited this place - and I was very impressed .
Finally I would recommend you visited Barkely Square area .
In this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .
It ca n't be difficult to find , because is very near of the conference .
Also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .
At the end of the conference it will be a party .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , that can makes business more quickly than anything else .
In conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
Thank you for your letter .
Then I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
They also are located in our campus so you can get to the conference by walk .
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you not to wear jeans and trainners .
That is very traditional Japanese city where so many temple and heritages are there .
By the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
Oh Baby , I ca n't live without you !
Let us try to appreciate thier importance again .
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questione .
That 's the nature of human being .
But , I think it 's not only our fault but the evidence of how much they integrate in our life .
The group has been booked the place Hotel which is near the train station .
it is really easy to reach to the conference from the hotel .
The bus running front of the hotel .
if you catch the red bus that will drop you front of the conference building .
In the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
At the end of the conference there will be reseption at the hotel .
we have arranged some tours in the city .
you will be visit some interesting places and towers .
I look forward to seeing you .
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .
Computer is really claver machine .
This saves a lot money for companies .
I am writing in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
This is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
People are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
Finally I think that you should jump at opportunity to go to the historical Pergam 's Museum before leaving .
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exposed there .
I wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .
Below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .
The adjoining restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
The waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
In fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
In reply to your letter , I would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
Therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
I hope this letter should help you with enough information .
Well , I do n't think so .
Only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
With it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
In the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
These were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
They had to read , study and walk in the dark .
Today , this kind of thing hardly happens !
Well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .
I remember when I was about 5 , I visited a museum with my family .
While I was in toilet , all the light was turned off !
First of all , I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill .
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference .
The hotel is The Palace Hotel .
About the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay .
The party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
There will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
The cafe in the hotel is available .
I hope that information will be useful .
If you have any questions I am more than happy to help .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
Imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
Thank god for those who had created the electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliances .
The electricity is a clever invention .
Life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
The electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electricity .
I , personally , could n't live without the electricity .
It has already affected and play a great role in my life .
I watch the television and use the computer everyday .
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city - centre .
The hotel is just three busstops away from our college .
The end - of - conference party starts just one our after the end of the conference .
It is located in our sports hall .
There will be live music and a midnight dinner .
For your last day I think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city - centre .
I will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
If you have any more questions write me a short letter .
The invention of the car was a great point in history .
From there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course within the physical barriers .
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or rail connection to go there .
I just had no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .
I always needed my Mom or my Dad to take me where I wanted to go .
Today I have my own car and I use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
So with my car I achieved a great freedom .
Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
For the people interested in , there will be also an amusement karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans and tee - shirts .
There is a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .
For any details look in the next page map .
Alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
So , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
She had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .
She sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
Drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
She did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
I have just received a letter from you .
I am really appreciate your interesting about our conference .
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
This is very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .
However , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
But I hope you will wear formal suit and dress .
You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party and etc .
We have prepared all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attendance .
If you want more information , please let me know .
Welcome to my town and I am really appreciate your visiting .
I will tell you some information about this building .
If you are interested in computer , it will give you big pleasant .
For a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens .
Therefore you can enjoy all latest films there .
It is providing all kinds of food .
Lastly , I really want you to go to the aquarium .
Actually I have been there three times but I still want to go there again .
I am sure you will like this very much .
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you required .
It will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college .
There will be a party after the conference .
Therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
You will be able to buy them in reasonable price .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
I look forward to meeting all of you .
The aim of this report is to give information on the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
It is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
It was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself .
There is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particular , the people seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive .
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .
It seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
However , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
In short , the Amusement Centre is fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
Thank you very much for your letter , which I received yesterday .
I am sure , together we can spent a good student conference in my college .
I will give you now some useful information .
First of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .
The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel .
The hotel is on the right hand side of the Parker Piece , which you can find on the map , which I will send you .
The conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin .
In a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume same food and drinks .
Furthermore there will be a very famous life band .
You do not have to wear some speciall clothes .
You asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some thing specially is our cathedrale .
We have also an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
I look forward to meeting each other soon .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Sometime 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
It is well know in almost all family , often with a lot of different cannels .
First of all , the TV can tell us news in a short time , what happened all over the world .
Furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .
It could be also relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
To sum up , in my opinion the TV is a very good and useful invention .
However , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .
Thank you for your letter .
Fortunately , it is not far from our college .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the given information is useful for you .
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in the end of the 19th century .
It was an invention nobody thought how important and how widespread it would be in future .
When I was a child , we had no telephone at home , and I always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
I want to inform you that I had already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .
Next week I will be start organising some events for this conference .
The event will organize at the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel that will you stay .
We chose that hotel because is it near the college and we do n't need to use a transport .
I think it is a nice idea .
Nowdays all the people have a telephone .
Telephone is part of our life .
It is one of the most important investigation all over the world .
Telephone is type of communication .
Today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .
They are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
Also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
The last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .
You can use it everywhere and at anytime .
Especial the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
I have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
As you know , a hotel whose name is Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
The best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
I am afraid there are no buses to get there .
We will have a great party at the end of the conference .
The party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something .
On your last day you have an afternoon free .
In my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
You can find a lot of things to do or to see .
You can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
I hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .
If you need any information , please let me know .
I first bought a computer as I was in university .
It was so necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .
That time I met the magic world of computers .
Linking to the internet was so popular .
Internet was something amazing for me .
I meet a lot of people on internet and it really interest me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet .
I was n't able to imagine this before .
In addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
Everything in this world works with computers from now on .
Computers changed my life style , my opinion about the world .
And they effect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so that it is very easy to reach the conference .
What is more , I would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie .
Finally , if I were you I would go shopping to the City Centre to spend your last hours .
I hope you will find my letter of interest and I look forward to seeing you .
I the last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easy .
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey .
However , I have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
That 's why I could n't image my life without it .
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us untill one week before we start .
And you are staying the Palace Hotel , which is located in town Centre .
You can take buses or our school buses .
It costs forty pence .
If you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus .
One of our teacher , who will be voted by student is making speech for one hour .
In my opinion , you should wear normal cloth .
I would like to suggest that you should visit building of sixty two which is consisted on sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .
This is very famous in our city .
I hope that my advice will help you .
I look forward to hearing soon from you .
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
There are exhibited historcall things , picthurs and clothes .
It was built four hundread ago .
and there are very big Park in the Castle .
Pusan Castle show about Korea history from when one of our King made our country .
Shop specially for group .
They can be given discount .
What is more , every places is explained by English .
So you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
fortunately If somebody visit castle over ten people , they give them discount .
On the contrary it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
However , I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful .
Due the hotel is such an elegant place I would suggest to dress up in night clothes .
In fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented .
Although is worth to say that not everybody can chose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
Thank you for your letter .
I am glad to help you for the organisation of the conference .
I phoned to the tourist information last week and I got some information about the accomodation of the students .
I think we should book at the Palace Hotel .
It is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
I am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic - nic in the wonderful park .
I hope my suggestion and Idea will help you to organise the meeting .
I look forward to receiving your confirmation .
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast .
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive building in my town .
The entrance fee is  7 each student .
There are some shops , caf and toilets .
Also there are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum .
The negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .
I am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which I received this morning .
Your group has been booked in Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
It is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .
Basicaly , during three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of London .
However you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
I look forward to welcoming you .
As far as I am concerned the telephone was invented in 19th century .
Since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lifes without this .
We were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some time .
This invention has affected my life completely .
Thank you for your letter .
I will be pleasure to help you .
The following are some information about the International student conference .
The party will be take place in Palace Hotel .
The Hotel is very close Town Hall .
From park square , just go straight .
You can see the sign of hotel .
This is a International student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes .
It looks nice and have good meaning .
You can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party .
After meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .
At the end of conference you can dance and singing together .
There is my suggestion about this party .
If you still have some problem , you can call me .
I heard that a group of America students has just arrived in our town .
I want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
It is main building of LUTON University at park square .
There is a academic building .
II suit , academic rooms a GYM Club and a restuarant .
There is a very big labrary .
You can find any information from it what you want .
At the rest of time , you can go to IT suit use Internet .
If you feel hungry , you do n't need go out .
Just at the same building , you could find restuarant .
I recommen this buiding to visit .
Because American students will know British students is how to study and different campus life .
They can also talk with British students to communiate study experience .
Below I am clarifying some information you asked about .
First of all , I would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel .
This hotel is the next building after Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
So , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .
I look forward to meeting your group in our conference .
From my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum .
It is also a good chance to be introduced with Russian system of art education .
It is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , opposite to the Post Office .
The conference will be hold in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
Take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of The Royal Hall .
The end - of - conference party will be hold in Francescos Restaurant , just by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
I hope all this information is helpful for you .
Imagine your life without a telephone .
Yes , I know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think about the people living in the time it was invented .
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the life of many people having a heart attack .
We sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
I am one of all students and I am going to give you an information , all you need .
Then you will arrive at Palace Hotel on the left handside of you .
About the end - of - conference party .
We recommend you to go to BBC building .
First of all , about BBC building is the news building of England .
For Example , THAILAND , United State of America , INDONISIA and CANADA .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I would be very pleased if I can help you answering all your enquiries .
It is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
The hotel is just opposite to the City Hospital .
Answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
However , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
With reference to the last afternoon , if I were you I would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have any time left you ought to go to the High Street , where you could go shopping .
Please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
I look forward to meeting you at the Conference .
The invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .
To be honest , I ca n't .
Cars are part of our daily lives .
Traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .
But , anyway , people use cars .
If we do n't use them we suffer from them .
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - wheel motored vehicle .
I have just received your letter .
It was very sorry news to Richard Brown .
I have given much information of the international student conference .
Firstly , the conference will take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
Number 45 bus runs to there every 5 minutes .
It takes 25 minutes that is convenient to us .
Secondly , there are some programme that are very great .
First time , the conference 's head make a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a suiteable dress .
On the last day I go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .
I hope it will be a successful conference .
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Alice and Jane came back her home .
Alice is Jane 's boy friend .
In the morning they have met and then they went to beach .
It was nice weather and beautiful time .
In the evening they were going to the disco party that was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane expained that situations and they under stood him .
So they could go to the disco party .
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day .
It was a very very special day .
I am writting to give you the information that you asked me for .
the group has been booked into the Harris hotel .
this hotel is very good placed .
this party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed .
In this area you could visit the central park .
It is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
I hope these information could be useful for you .
I have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to Hampton Court last year , and I think it is a great place to visit .
Hampton Court palace is localizated in Hampton Court .
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
to get to Hampton Court palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .
From there depart the trains to Hampton Court .
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
They are between three and six pounds each .
Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
And also it would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
We have booked the hotel for the group .
Regarding to the end - of - conference party .
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .
There are many historical buildings remain .
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
If any further discussion , please let me know .
We need light every day , not just night time .
We need lamp light in offices or schools or some places during the day time .
How is the wonderful life after invention the light .
Here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light .
There was no any light outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
Covered by dark , dark and dark .
This scaring dark is still affecting my life now .
I never stayed out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
What a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , Einstein was .
Therefore , that 's the faster way of transport you can choose .
The Conference will start at 9 am of 25 June and will finish about 6 pm in the same day .
That will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and immaculate presence .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit .
I look forward to hearing from you .
That 's a small square where there is a fountain very big .
It was built by Canovas architect in 1638 .
That is the fountain which Dolce Vita film was taken place .
I am sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is ill .
As our conference is due to start next week I respond straight away .
There are some informations you have asked me about .
We booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel .
When you live a hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
At the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
That 's our Conference Center .
At the hotel reception you will find printed information how to get over there .
As you know at the end - of - conference there is a party .
At this time you and your group can refresh yourself .
I would like to mention that because our conference that is dress - code party .
Hope you will enjoy it .
We prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold buffet .
That will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
In our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .
In my opinion the most interesting is the Castle .
It is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when is it .
Just look up and you will see that huge building .
And if you climb on the top of the main tower - the keep you will see unforgetable view on a white toun .
After that you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle .
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the New Castle .
I am sure that should be enought for one day trip .
That should complete that amazing day .
I am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the informations that you have asked me .
Firstly , let me explain the way from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
The party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
It must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom .
It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young peoples , and makes a final recommendation .
The kingdom Chosun has a history for 500 years and lasted until the beginning of 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
You can try the traditional games of Korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the Royals .
Also there are performances which helds daily in the front gate of the palace .
Final Recommendation .
It is out of question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .
There is a party on the last day of the conference .
Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
Less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .
Please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11 pm .
You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
Hundred years before people could n't even use an electric lump not saying about a car or computer .
They have intentions improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one beleives it is really so .
But to my opinion if peoples inventions take a place in our lifes they are right then .
Computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems .
I think it would n't be possible to survive for us without an eclectric life .
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help with giving you some further information .
If you have any further questione , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to seeing you .
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth - century Royal Palace .
It is situated in a heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an Old Town .
There is a square old Market with the magnificent statue of the King Zygmunt , in the centre of it .
Inside the Palace , there is a museum of an antique collection of porcalaine .
There is also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Palace .
There is an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc .
Most of the admissions are absolutely free .
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the constant renovations .
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .
I am plece to tell the information do you need for the group .
The Hotel I was be booked is Palace Hotel wiche is in the center of London just tow blokes from Victoria stations .
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and adres .
About the party in the end of conference we organise in the same hotel whict have a nice salon .
Will b good for yor group you do n't need move to anoder place .
It is not a formal party so I thing is faind wear somethig no too formal .
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in Exivicuion is interesting .
I hope you found thes letter uselfuel and If you have nay question let my know .
I am looking forway to see you soon .
The maching was used for read this cad was too big you use to need a room for our Computer .
I work with children an the Computer help my Jop bat affeted to .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference .
First of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .
And we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of them are as convinience as getting there .
The day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
I suggest that you wear a formal dress .
There is some finger foods and drinks .
It might be a great party for end of conference .
It 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .
It could be interesting for them .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Imagine our life without a telephone .
A telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
Even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
Then it makes you happy .
Long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
They used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .
So that 's why they have invented a telephon .
Now we could feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
This is a first class hotel .
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .
There is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
Take the bus in direction center town .
After four stops get off the bus .
If you leave the bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road .
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco .
Finally at your last day I propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
It takes you two hours .
Afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any more questions , write me back .
I will write about the invention of the computer .
With the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
Before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .
When they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
I work at a bank and I work all day with computers .
If I order money for our bank with the computer I can be sure that I will arrive the day after .
But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days after .
I have never work without a computer , but if we had n't any we would it find normally .
When you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Chtaigneroie school .
The end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
Some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
For three hours , you could visit the museum of the Red Cross , which is very interesting .
The portable phone , a very useful invention !
When the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
But the research went on , and the portable phone is getting always smaller and more useful .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a portable phone .
Nothing will be spacial .
Place is College garden .
There is no need to bother about clouths .
Everybody can put on something casual .
I say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our times passing so fast .
May be 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without having anyof them .
Ceartainly it would be just like mine .
Because I live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city center .
The nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .
I have no car , no local bus service to use .
Even comeing to Basingstoke seems like a international journey to me .
And ofcause this stops me everytime to live sociable life .
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most usefull invention for the humanity .
As you need more information , I answer all your questions with plesuare .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during conference .
There are many different people 's inventions around us .
We are so used to them , that sometimes think they existed always .
Some of them are very practical , other are rather strange .
I thing , that one of the most importent and affecting our life inventions is the telephone .
Imagine life without phone .
You are on the road , you have car accident .
On another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
I am sure , the phone has saved many lifes .
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only for chating in any time .
Thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the Earth .
Try to ask who invented the will or the book .
Chne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health .
We have made arrangements for you to stay at the Palace Hotel .
Therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted .
My fair Mobile Phone .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
Trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that I have arranged for you .
Then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home .
I think I gave you all importen informations .
Nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions .
As you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle .
No matter that people started worred more about polution in the world .
Let me to tell you , how invention of motorcycle has affected my life .
I love motocycles and I do n't think I could live without them .
I drive motocycle since I was 16 year old .
Me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .
We have met a lot of people there same mad about motorcycle as we were .
We were avenging races and trips .
We were driving motocycles few day befour we finally had got to mitting points .
I really enjoy driving motocycle .
When I drive is only me and my motocycle .
Before me and after are my friends that I like and trust .
And around me nature that I can watch and enjoy while we shop fore camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to full buses , trains , etc .
I am really greatful for people who invented the first motocycle in the world .
I feel very bad about that I do n't know who was it .
Thank you very much for your letter .
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference .
The hotel that your group will be staying at is Palace Hotel .
If it rains , you can take bus 54 that stops in front of the college .
The end - of - conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
So you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a costume of her country .
Other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress .
On the last day , I recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
It is about 1000 years old , so I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
In other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience , I can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international conference .
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from Central train station .
Light lunch will be provided .
After the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
There is no dressed - code for the party .
However I suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .
Personly I recommend the Dicken 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .
I hope that I have covered all information you would need and look forward to seeing you .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London .
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top list .
The building itself looks grand and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building has served half - a million commuters in a day , it always clean and functional .
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting building .
The newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and touched - screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked into the old underground station which it is such a contrast in transformation .
The old bit is rather unique and charming .
You could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .
There is another surprising section in this building .
At the far back of the station is also connected to a spacious well designed pedestrians park .
It is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide services to the public .
Finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .
Thank you for your letter dated 8 June 2001 .
I hope I can give you the information you need .
So the conference will be a great experience to you and your group .
Your group will stay at the Palace Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
A free shuttel - bus gets you to the conference - center .
The end - of - conference party is playing in a rent and in the greenground .
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more .
I suggest to wear leisure - clothes to the party .
I can not imagine how our life would be .
We are living in a busy world .
It would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
I hope I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students .
The best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
Actually , the college is situated 500 meters away from the Hotel .
As you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
You do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in Europe .
It shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece .
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been done to improve them .
You can admire every kind of equipments you need to do any particular sport .
The museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking .
I hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
Just follow Main - Road until to reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
Secondly , you have required information about the end - of - conference party .
All the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
The location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
Last but not least I will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .
Please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
The telephone , a blessing .
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
Its first appliance was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
Life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
We use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
Just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
I would like to thank you for your letter .
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown can not attend the conference .
Please transmit him my best wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms for all members of your group at the Palace Hotel .
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximetively one mile away .
Concerning the party we do not have a casual dressing code .
students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a mid - long skirt or dress for the girls .
There are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
I would like to suggest visiting the Ethnographic Museum , , which is kind of unique in the world .
Today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
The transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems .
This will be a tough challenge for this new century .
I received your letter the other day and I am writing to answer your questions .
All the students and staffs will join together in the hall .
They can play games and talk about personal experience .
The main aim of it is to deepen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
So it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .
I have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
If you are free I will show you arround our college .
You can visit our newly - built science lab as well .
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .
One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about British history there .
The museum looks very old as some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library .
A lot of famous people have been to this library before !
The British Hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
It shows a large number of valuable things .
Almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about British history .
Apart from the national history , there are more content about the past of the world .
You can go to many sections such as Asia Hall , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall and so on .
Countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate .
After a visit to British Museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away !
I am writing to you to give you the information about the conference .
The hotel your group has been booked into is called Palace Hotel .
It is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference .
You only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .
You are asked to take the blue door .
After entering you will see the signed conference room .
We organized a end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
Everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
You should wear nice and comfortable cloth .
This is an informal party .
I suggest you visiting the old part of Zurich or going to the zoo before your departure .
I am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
If there is any question left , please contact me .
I love baking cakes , cockies and breads .
It does n't matter in what kind of mood I am , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
But I could n't bake without an oven .
I think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
Besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
I am writing in reply to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so that I will help you as far as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which ha been booked for you is Palace Hotel that is located close to the conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
As you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
Whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them can not be imagined .
However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention .
This is electricity invented by Edison .
What is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
In my life , I use electricity in many different ways .
It makes my life more convenient than that without it .
I am very glad to help you about the International Student Conference .
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious willness .
After finish the conference , there is a party in same hotel .
This party is for the students so the kinds of clouthes wo n't be so formal .
On the day free before catch our plane .
We could chouse two options for spending our free time .
One is a guide tour on center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
Please , if you have any more question , please call me at 38755980 .
I can live without this .
In our lifes , may be , could n't be without electricity .
Some people can live without this , but I am sure that the world would be very different .
When we are using different equipments in our houses , we are using the electricity .
Small things but very importants in our lifes .
I do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all this facilities .
In winter when is dark very early , and after , I need to spent my free time in home .
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry for not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a 4 stars hotel - Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .
It is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
The end - of - conference party will be held in an India restaurant , that is next to the hotel .
It is surposed to be held during 7 pm to 11 pm .
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco is also provided .
As you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
I recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .
Lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely .
If you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , I will say that it is the television .
Firstly , televisions make us know more about the world without travel it all .
Secondly , for some points , it can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are especially made for children , such as Learn follow me and Be good to others .
The last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments .
However , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
However , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
Personally , I do think televisions is the most important invention .
I got your letter this morning and I am very pleased to give you some information .
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in downtown .
When you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend to walk .
Because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea .
And also it takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy it .
By the way the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwell party .
There will be three parts .
It will be not too formal party .
So you can wear what you like .
Everybody an enjoy themselves .
It is  12 each and there is a reduction for groups .
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .
And have a nice time in my town and send my regard to Richard .
Moreover we can not live without them .
None of them are unimportant for us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
If you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
Electricity could be able to invent other things .
It also gave us more free time , especially for women .
It has abosolutly reduced women 's our house working time .
Evenmore we can enjoy our night with lights .
If we want do something , we can do it at night same as day .
Finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
It is also advancing more and more .
It will give us better future !
Have you ever imagined that you would drive electric car !
Thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
Here are answers for your questions .
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , Camberley .
It takes 5 minutes from the station .
When you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
The end - of - conference party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnic foods .
I am looking forward to meeting you .
The aim of this report is to describe the Haunted Castle in Camberley .
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
Inside of the castle is always dark even in daytime .
It is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
She appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle .
It is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
People said she was seeking something and still seeking even if she had dead for 500 years .
I think it is worth while to see .
I have recieved your letter this morning .
I hope that these informations below are very useful to you , during your attempt of conference .
I have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .
There will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
You will than have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
When you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
They all knows where the conference is and when .
At the end of the conference , we will have a party .
The party is to let all the students to know each other better .
The party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
I will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .
For the afternoon free time on the last day .
There are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
Or they can also visit the Epsom Town .
I am looking forward to seeing you and hop you have a safe flight over to England .
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .
This building is situated in Taipei , the capital .
The building is called Chiang Kei - shek Momerial Hall .
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
The statue is about 20 feet high .
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other gallaries .
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , antique furnitures which Chiang used .
These treasure are very old , even older than the history of America .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during the defeat in China .
They are all been well look after .
There are also restaurent 's and modern gallaries .
It only take about five minutes if you walk .
I hope you will all have a great time in Taiwan and I hope you will enjoy the building .
I have received your letter dated on the 12th june 2001 .
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the informations , that I am going to give you , will be enough .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place St - Franois .
And the name of the street is Grand - Chne .
Afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
For the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the Landscape and have a sunbath .
The aim of this report is to give further informations on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .
It is based on my own experience .
But also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several statues .
Besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
First of all , the main interest of the museum is the olympic history .
You can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
In addition , you can play with several interactive game and learn about the rules of the olympic games .
The principal reason is the cheapest price .
You pay only to FRS for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want .
On the other hand , if you are more than 10 people , you can have a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for this .
At first , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel that is one of the best in the town .
The access to the conference place is very easy .
After the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
Finally , I propose you to go to the new college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon .
Every body will go there .
I hope you will have fun !
I will give you some informations on the yverdon 's castle .
This building is one of the oldest that stays in the landscape of the town .
Those days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction engines around it .
There is a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .
So you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holliday in Yverdon .
Thank you for your letter .
I will try my best to answer the questions .
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Stars Hotel for your group .
The nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from city college stop .
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone .
This is just a relaxing party , just for the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
Finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
It worthes tp spend time and money on that .
I look forward to seeing you !
Nowdays people have become used to watching televesion 's programs everyday .
The TV is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .
First of al , in my opinion , TV has a great education functions , and also makes the world become small .
You can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
Some TV programs are enjouable !
However , TV also has some disadvantages .
You might just sitting in front of TV for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .
I think this is the badest influence in the society .
So , but on the whole , TV still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
I am writing to you to give you more informations about an international student conference .
The group has been booked into King Hotel at High Street which is very easy to find .
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference place which is called White House .
As this is a special conference so you could wear your own national dress to present your country .
If you want more information , please contact me and I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , as the building will tell you all about Wales .
The building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
And some old toilets might look awlful .
But in my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
Because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things .
I was really pleased to receive at your letter .
Unfortunately Richard Brown is ill but I can help you as much as I can .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute .
The tube is 2 line which is red colour .
And your speach would be better for the end of conference party .
Finally , I give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
I look forward to seeing you soon .
Computer is the most important invention in our life .
Some people might say the electricity more important than another thingh .
It 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
Recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only is for bussiness , but also in for my life .
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail .
However , computer is worth to use in our life until more coveniance machine will be invented .
Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate .
Our students , then will get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses .
Finally , I would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .
I look forward to see you and your group soon .
It located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre built in 1975 .
Apart from Banks and important offices .
There are also world stock market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and records stores .
It also held an internation exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
The building is huge with high technology and construction and a tight security .
It upgraded the building every year .
The Barbican Centre is a very important building in London .
You and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .
So that you can spend your time in one go .
Thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
It is the Palace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will take place .
The best way to get there , is to take the bus number 7 .
The bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
You will leave the bus at , , Royal gardens .
You wish to know all about , , the end - of - conference party .
I would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
Donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it .
Finally I give you some advise for what you could do for about three hours .
Firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
Lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
The neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls .
Todays nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there is a telephone at least .
There are a lot of advantages for it .
Moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor .
This could save life !
An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it .
Of course there is also a big disadvantage .
It is not an easy desicion how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
Especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .
It is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .
thankyou for your letter , wich arrived yesterday .
The Hotel is near the station and is call Grand Placad .
It 's very confortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
The conference is organised in the civic hall so it is very simple to found it .
If I found somenthing special to visit in three hours I call you .
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
In that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
The best building you must see is the cathedral .
It is the more important church in that area for its architeture .
It was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
You can arrive here wolking because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill .
I hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactorialy .
First of all you have been booked at the palace hotel .
concerning the end conference party .
If you need futher information do not hesitate to contact us .
In your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .
There are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and olds cotages .
The churchs and the cathedral are very intesting because of their differents romanics styles .
In replied of your letter , I will try to give you some advices .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see indications to follow .
At the end of the conference , all students and leader will have a drink .
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of Poitiers which is very beautiful .
I hope I give you enough details .
I look forward to meeting you on the conference .
The building called in French Le Centre Pompidou is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in other place .
What is impressive on this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
On the Pompidou 's center , there are different expositions on different themes .
In general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
This expositions are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into Palace Hotel .
I think that the best choise for you is to take the 234 bus .
The bus stop you should get off is called The Green Man .
It is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
Lastly , I would like to give you some suggestions about way in which you can spend your free time in our town .
I am strongly convinced , that you should visit local Science Museum .
Also there is a very good shopping center next to the museum .
I look forward to seeing your at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
Another point in favour is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information on your fingertips .
Also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand there are some disadvantages .
For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create .
I thank you for your recent letter .
First , I would like to congratulate on your new responsability , because of Mr Brown 's illness .
I give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
Your group is staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station .
To go to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
You have to take the bus number 1 and get off at Black House , which is the third stop .
During it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the conference .
Food and beverages will be available .
After the cocktail , the Band Zero one is playing their famous songs .
The clothes , required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
Before your departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to make a sightseeing tour in our city .
I hope you will enjoy your journey in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
In order to write this report , I spent hours in this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself .
I walked around the garden too .
The museum is located in Ouchy , in front of the Delamuraz Hotel .
It is close to the main road , and at 300 meters of the station .
The building is made of white stones .
Before going inside , you have to pas through the huge garden .
There , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
I recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in pools .
When you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
There were all painting during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar .
Everything in this room is about wine .
To learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
I particularly recommend you to visit the blue room .
Everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
According to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
To sum up , I would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
You should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
You wo n't be disappointed .