I have just received the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .
I am proud of winning it and would like to say how grateful I am .
I am therefore writing to give you my further information .
First of all , I am a student and would like to travel in July .
This is because I intend to take an examination in September .
So I can afford to go on holiday only in July .
Secondly , I would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents .
It will be my first time experiencing staying there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried .
The next consideration is the activities .
Actually , I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident at it .
And recently , I have been practising tennis as a school activity .
Therefore I would like to choose basketball and tennis .
Finally , I am wondering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need .
I would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You might not believe it but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much .
I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of the stage .
Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as a member of the audience .
It was absolutely fantastic .
I had ever never sat down there .
Actually I was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory .
Anyway it was so interesting a time that I did n't even feel tired after that .
First of all I would like to thank you .
And finally I would like to ask you some questions .
My name is Marie Bouchard , I come from Switzerland .
Two weeks ago , I spent a week in your fabulous city of London with my friend .
On Thursday , the 3rd of May 2000 , we went to your theatre to see Over the rainbow .
Unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre .
Firstly , we got our tickets at your ticket office just one hour before the show .
We thought , as usually we do in London theatres , we could get discounts , and it 's written on your advertisement .
Surprisingly , there were no discounts .
Thirdly , we were astonished by the actors , whom we know from other musicals .
We really like London , the people , the night - life but this evening was really awful .
I have sent you a photocopy of our tickets .
Would you please return our money .
In advance , thank you .
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that I come to your theatre .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
The problem is that Pat works in Neubathin , a little village .
She 's a secretary in an office .
Everybody knows everybody .
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husbands too .
It was a sunny Friday afternoon , Scala was really excited about telling her the news .
He was so amazed and asked her to repeat .
She just remembered it ought to be a secret , and she became really embarrassed .
When he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it was n't a surprise !
Scala was angry with Pat because she thought she could keep this kind of secret .
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement in the newspaper .
When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said none was available .
At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best I would pay what they asked .
Afterwards I decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but It was closed .
So you can imagine how I felt because of the irritating evening out I had .
I am let down by your behaviour .
You wanted to cheat me , so I will be very pleased if you could give my money back .
I am looking forward to your answer .
I think technology has changed my life and the way of life of almost everyone around the world .
Since the creation of PCs , people - and me too , of course - have been doing different things .
For example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by Internet or by telephone .
I can find out what is happening in different parts of the world in a few minutes .
Personally I dislike computers .
I do n't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help to make our lives easier .
Our lives will be managed by robots and they will replace us at work .
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a two - week trip to Camp California .
I will give you some information which will help you to know me better .
I would like to travel to the camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you .
I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my trip .
Regarding accommodation , I think tents would be great .
Basketball and swimming I think are the best for the children .
Basketball will help the children to build team spirit and leadership skills .
And swimming is very good for their health .
I swim really well and I am a professional basketball player .
I count on my experience .
And there are a few questions I would like to ask .
I am looking forward to our meeting .
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favourite band .
I went into their room and gave hot Cheeseburgers , Coca - Cola and ice - cream to Peter .
It was the happiest moment of my life .
He asked me whether the cheeseburger was hot and I answered that it was .
I was very nervous talking with him .
He told me about a concert programme and gave me his photo with an autograph .
I will never forget that summer day .
It was my day , I am sure about it .
Well , I think that is all .
I am writing to you about the show .
I was very disappointed after the show .
I would like to have my money back .
After your show I wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , I could n't do that .
Also , you wrote about discounts , but it was not true !
The woman who sold me a ticket was very rude to me , actually she started swearing at me .
And , I forget to say something about the actors , I did n't enjoy them .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , but I trusted him anyway .
It happened 3 months ago , and during the last few months I have been very upset .
I have a friend , his name is Peter , he is my best friend .
One day Peter killed a boy .
They were just playing and , by accident , Peter shot him .
I was there , I saw it .
We asked Pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone .
For the first few days , Pat was with us all the time .
So , now my best friend is a prisoner .
All the time , I am thinking about Peter .
He will be in prison for 5 years .
Perhaps , he moved to another town .
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me about the two weeks at Camp California that I won .
Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off at the beginning of the month .
For the accommodation , I would prefer a tent because I like adventure and simplicity .
Concerning the available activities , firstly , I would choose climbing because I have done it for many years .
Secondly , I am interested in trying something that I have never done , so I would like to do sailing .
I thank you in advance and look forward to your reply .
The first day consisted in surrounding the site with fences .
The second day 's objective was to install the stage lights , loudspeakers and all the other stuff .
This job was quite hard , but we took our time to be not exhausted !
The last day , which was day of the concert , was absolutely fantastic .
Finally , the concert was exactly what the people were expecting .
I hope that the next time you will come with me !
However , there are some points which can be improved for the next year .
My suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries .
You could avoid this kind of problem if you look for big halls at the outset .
Another point where you could improve is if you show more plays and films next year .
To finish this letter , I would like to give you a good idea for next year .
I think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it .
The problem that you have here is the weather .
For example when it is rainy , because then everything gets wet .
I am writing with regard to your advertisement .
It was my favourite musical .
I was very hopeful that I was going to have a good time .
But there were a lot of things which went wrong .
Because I did n't have any plan I decided to have lunch in the theatre restaurant .
The worst thing is that I could n't see my favourite actor .
I was so disappointed about that .
I could n't concentrate on the play any more .
In contrast to the advertisement everything was disappointing .
I regret to have to demand all my money back .
I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible experience .
Technology has developed increasingly in recent years .
As a result of this our society has changed a lot .
On the one hand technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier .
On the other hand we have faced some problems , such as social and environmental problems .
Nowadays students have many more facilities in education than before .
Although in those days the only way of learning was reading .
Then with technology we can reach any place in the world easily .
We can get information more quickly .
Technology has a huge effect on our spare - time activities as well .
Children play with computers instead of the usual toys .
Despite the huge advantages , technology has affected our lives negatively .
There has been a change in the relationships between people .
People are getting more and more lonely .
We have noticed the environmental damage in recent years .
While we are using technology , we should take into consideration the environment .
We should n't allow the world to be exploited .
If we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully towards nature .
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries instead that from around the world .
This choice does n't give many artists the opportunity to express themselves .
Some concert halls were too small and often people could n't see the performances .
There were many events and I think there were a few plays and films .
Maybe it would be better to put more of them in the programme because young people like them so much .
Thank you and greetings .
I think a good way to get money is to work in a fast - food restaurant .
It depends on what you need .
This kind of job is perfect for young people who want to get money and at the same time have to study .
Among the staff you can also find young people and have fun with them during work .
If you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that .
I am writing to complain about a musical show on the 10th of June , and I was very disappointed .
To make the matter worse , I had travelled to London to see this famous star but I did n't see any shows with him .
It makes me a bit angry .
More than that , when I bought the ticket I did n't get any discount .
I had to pay full price .
I was very hungry and tired .
You said that it was a perfect evening out but it was n't like that .
I would like you to refund some of my money .
I would like you to give my money back as soon as possible .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I have a really good friend , Pat who I trusted and counted on .
I have known her for five years .
And we loved each other very much .
One day , I fell in love with my closest friend .
I went out with him sometimes and we were happy .
My boyfriend was very handsome , clever and very polite .
We were studying in the same class at school and he also knew Pat as well .
Personally , I wanted to keep it secret because I was afraid that we might split up .
And I would like to make sure that he really loved me .
My boyfriend told me that he wanted to surprise his friend in his class when the time came .
To be honest , I wanted to share this feeling with someone else but I needed to keep it very secret .
I felt unhappy sometimes .
One day I decided to tell my best friend - Pat , who I relied on .
I told her everything about my boyfriend and when we met each other and eventually fell in love .
After I told her I felt my feeling had been released and I was happy .
I also told her to keep it very secret and not tell anyone in the class .
I was very embarrassed and I wanted to run out of the class .
I felt very angry with Pat and I should n't have told her about my boyfriend .
I received your letter and I am very excited about the camp .
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take any money with me .
Thanks for your attention .
I have been great , especially last weekend at the Backstreet Boys concert .
The next second I was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with The Backstreet Boys .
I had a great time that day .
Well I have to go now .
Hope to hear from you later .
I am writing to complain about your show .
I would like you to return my money because that was not same as your advertisement .
I was planning to spend my holiday in London when I found your advertisement .
In the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , discount and facilities .
It made me so disappointed and angry .
You should return my money immediately because that night was far from perfect .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He always tried to say nothing and did .
But everyone always saw from his face he had a secret .
Whenever he has a secret , his nose moves quickly .
He did not like this habit and had thought it was bad of him until he solved a big crime .
When all the money had gone from a bank , nobody was there except Pat .
The bank robbers told him if Pat told the fact somebody they would kill him .
Pat did n't say anything .
But his nose moved quickly when the police showed him a picture of the bank robbers .
Then the police realized who the bank robbers were and arrested them .
Although the bank robbers complained to Pat , he had n't said anything to anybody .
Thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all the money was returned to the bank .
The town became peaceful again .
Oh , last I just would like to ask you how much clothing and money I have to bring with me .
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e - mail , or normal mail .
I am really happy to receive your congratulations .
It was a very exciting moment and a very nice competition .
And now to win first prize !
And for the second question .
But anyway I like more to have the possibilities for to do climbing and surfing .
Meanwhile , these activities are develop .
I would really appreciate it if you could answer these questions and saying again .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
People in general have a compulsion to shop , in my opinion .
And other times they sometimes choose just for the label .
We know it is easier for those with a busy life .
On the other hand the facilities for access to the shopping center are not good .
The area for parking , space for children to play or bus station near the mall are not really adequate .
Otherwise shopping would be more enjoyable .
I am writing to complain about the musical Over the Rainbow , which I went to see on the 16th of June .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Maria was speechless , it was the first time that she did n't know what to do , so she decided to stop talking to Pat .
After 3 weeks , Maria got ill so she was not able to go to school .
However , there are many other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London .
For example , at the time of our visit there is going to be The London Fashion and Leisure Show .
It is a coincidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of .
We hope changing the excursion programme a little will not cause any problems .
Our suggestion is to visit the Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday .
Because the fashion show lasts a whole day .
We are ready to give up our shopping and free time .
We are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request .
Famous people are living creatures .
They breathe , eat , feel and aside from the fact that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else .
On the other hand , they must have done something to become famous .
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Festival I attended last weekend .
I would be very grateful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year .
I hope you find my opinions useful .
Once again , congratulations on the Festival .
There are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time .
If looking after children does n't suit you , you can try the same thing with pets .
Lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk .
So if you like animals this is your chance to earn some money and have fun at the same time .
Another option is to wash your neighbour 's car .
In this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but do n't worry , soap is not very expensive .
Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you have provided .
It is a very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class will enjoy .
However , our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and all wish to attend .
It will be held at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on the 14th March .
The show will be about all the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles .
We would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students .
I have a few suggestions on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .
We could do as planned for Monday and move going to the Science Museum from Tuesday to Wednesday afternoon .
We can , however , go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show .
Lastly , I would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show .
I hope you will consider this matter .
I look forward to hearing from you .
No , in the future , the present will be the past and those things now new to us will be old , outdated and changed .
I see a very different home for us in the future .
Most things will be computerised .
We might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys .
We can turn on and off lights with touch pads and remote controls .
We might even be able to open the door without leaving the living room .
Cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door .
Although all that may happen our houses may be still the same .
We might still like that old carpet and couch .
The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the number of rooms should not change either .
In the future , every child might have a laptop .
They will never have to leave the house or wake up so early .
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilities we will be using .
People will be able to adjust and change with the times .
In addition we would like to thank you for the programme .
Firstly , I would like to give you some details about this show .
Secondly , I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly about what it includes .
I believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be totally clear about the results .
Another successful career such as , film stars must also be balanced .
If somebody wants to be famous of course they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her .
But I think that there are limits .
Everybody deserves to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer .
It does n't matter what kind of career or job you have .
You must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself .
In this way , we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and then we can go to the show .
Please let me know if you agree with us !
Oh I forgot about something !
Looking forward to hearing from you .
So , we have the future in our hands !
It is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment .
Moreover , students are allowed to attend for free .
It would be great if you made a little change in the programme so that we are able to attend the show .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has been changed considerably by rapidly developing modern technology .
To begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house .
50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning wood to warm a room up and make food .
Since the electric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their lives have been far easier than before .
On the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a family .
A computer might know more than a human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen to do tennis and swimming .
I am good at playing tennis and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be useful training for me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
My work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking people to their seats .
Anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems .
Thank you very much for the prize .
Thank you for your letter .
So if I could travel in July , and come back before the 6th of August , that would be great .
I would prefer staying in tents to log cabins .
I have never had any experience of staying in a tent , so I would like to give it a go .
I think I will enjoy myself in a tent .
I love swimming , but I am not any good at swimming .
I really want to learn how to swim .
I was wondering if there is a coach who could give me a lesson at the Camp .
I am glad I have taken part in a few competitions , and I was so proud of our basketball team .
After that , I had to help people who had a ticket but could n't find their seat .
I was excited that I had a closer look at so many famous pop stars .
That was a bit boring , but it was part of my job .
Write to you next time .
I am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the Competition .
About accommodation , I would prefer a log cabin , because I have a problem with my back .
Therefore , I need to sleep in a bed .
Also tents are not very comfortable .
On the other hand , I am keen on painting , however , I have never painted in my life , so I would like to try it .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me for an address .
I looked at him and I realised that this person was David Bowie .
I could n't believe it .
He was trying to speak in Spanish , but his accent was terrible .
So , I started to speak in English with him .
I explained to him where the street was that he was looking for and we carried on with the conversation for a while .
I thought he was very rude , but I was wrong , he is n't arrogant at all and he looks very simply .
I liked my experience with him and I think the best part was when he gave me his e - mail address .
Well my friend , I have to go , because I have got an appointment with the Dentist .
Write to me soon and take care .
I felt how lucky I was .
I am studying Economics and I am very busy nowadays .
My exams will have finished at the end of June .
I will only be able to set off in July and also I will give my thesis to my teacher in August .
This holiday will help me to think about it and prepare it .
Basically , I do n't like staying in a small tent .
I used to climb mountains and am good at climbing .
I am fond of swimming but unfortunately I am not a good swimmer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I do apologise for this .
Last month I helped the service crew at a pop concert .
It was unbelievable , and tiring as well .
I saw all the pop bands and singers .
I heard them talking backstage .
They signed my diary and had their photo taken with me .
Being a security guard was the hardest task .
Carrying big speakers from place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laughs .
Believe it or not , I put make - up on one famous singer 's face .
I was just walking down by the dressing room and the manager asked if I could help them .
I could n't believe my ears .
I was in her room helping her .
I especially liked that time .
I advise you to do something like that .
I look forward to hearing from you .
They had invited us and we wanted them to see us looking stunningly beautiful .
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsy .
I was in the Plaza Espagna in Florence without a penny !
My friends lent me some money , but it was n't more than 120 pounds .
I had to buy my dress , its accessories and also clothes and souvenirs !
I could n't really do much , so I used the money I had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs .
First of all , we are happy to have won the first prize in your competition .
Thank you for choosing our ticket at the final .
We would like to go in July , because my wife Catrin just have holidays next month .
We would prefer the last two weeks in July .
Is there a chance to stay in a log cabin .
It would be great if we could choose swimming and golf .
My wife Catrin is a local champion in swimming races .
At golf , we are both total beginners .
We have no experience but we would like to learn this game .
Finally , we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the brochure .
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Thank you very much for your last lovely letter .
We were mainly working on all the lights at this great concert .
It sounds easy , just doing the lighting .
Finally , we worked the whole night before the concert .
We had to adjust the laser extremely carefully to get it in the correct position .
We spent hours on this till it was good enough for the technical manager .
Moreover , the band was exhausted by this great laser show in the end .
For me this adventure was one of the best .
It shows that , when all members of a group work hard together , you can achieve a lot .
With this letter I want to explain to you some problems I had last week at your theatre with your show .
First of all , I want to introduce myself .
I was very upset because the show had many problems .
First the actor was changed and his replacement 's performance was very poor and disappointing .
Then , the show began 45 minutes late , so we had to wait a very long time .
The advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not available .
Finally you said there was a Restaurant , but it was closed , so we could n't eat anything until we got home .
For example , I was born knowing that man has walked on the moon .
There are some machines which have helped in my development , and others which help me to make my life easier .
There are other machines which are bad for the environment .
Many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it first .
Technology has to move further so it can solve problems such as pollution , so we can live better and longer .
After that , I would like to say Thanks , I have never won any prizes at all .
Now , I will answer your questions .
I used to go camping .
About camp activities , I would prefer to do basketball and photography .
I have recently bought a new camera .
Finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp .
I am writing to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert .
Now I can tell you that it was an amazing challenge for me because I had never done anything like that .
I am particularly pleased to have known the most popular pop stars in the world .
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show Over the Rainbow .
I have recently been to London for a week 's holiday .
As I am a fan of musicals I went to see this show .
I am very disappointed because the things that were written in the advertisement were not really true .
It was written that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
Danny Brook is one of my favourite actors and there appeared a different one .
I felt very disappointed .
As you say in your advertisement , it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Modern technology has changed our daily lives a lot .
In the past it was impossible to go to Paris from Barcelona and come back in one day .
I think that the most important piece of modern technology these days is the Internet .
To sum up , modern technology has changed our daily lives a lot and this is going to continue .
So we would like to suggest how the programme could be changed .
Please let us know as soon as you make your decision .
With best wishes , your student .
First of all I want to wish your cousin a happy fifteenth birthday and wish her all the best .
I hope that it will be a good holiday for her , her family and friends .
But when I was fifteen my favourite book was The Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
So I hope I have helped you .
Write to me as soon as you can .
I have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply .
Secondly , if you do n't mind , I would prefer to sleep in a tent .
Although it is not very comfortable , I like camping very much .
Thirdly , I am very interested in swimming and also climbing .
I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on it .
I am very good at swimming as well because I practise this sport every week in my city .
I look forward to hearing from you .
However , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them .
I think you should check the information before printing it !
And nobody told me why !
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been replaced and the new one was n't good at all .
I could n't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for repairs .
Please answer my letter as soon as possible .
I did n't have a computer until I was eight .
Then my brother and I started to develop a new ability .
At that time I used the computer only to play video games .
When I was thirteen I discovered a completely different use for my computer .
It became essential to doing my homework .
And years later it enabled me to get a very good job .
One day my mother got a terrible disease .
She had to be operated on and my family and I were very scared .
But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he told us that the operation was a very simple one .
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she would n't have survived .
Modern technology is better now than it used to be .
Now I would like to have your point of view .
It 's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities .
As I told you in my last letter , last month I worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in Barcelona .
It was such a great experience !
Anyway , I had a lot of fun working for them .
I hope you write again soon .
I would like to go only in July because I have had my holidays booked for that month since last January .
I will be pleased to swim and paint when I am at the camp .
Therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but that is not always the case .
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to give something to someone .
In fact you try to get a present to make the recipient happy .
Shopping is also good when you know what you want .
On the other hand , shopping can be unenjoyable .
Shopping is boring if you go with people who are too fussy .
Shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops .
They waste their time .
To conclude , I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Even if I like to go shopping with some people and to some kinds of shops I will kill myself if I waste my time .
I hope in your answer and in your explanation about this .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
That should have been a secret for Francis - and they decided on the program and the present , a new gold watch .
The last day all the friends went to Pat 's home with food , musical instruments , and a tape recorder .
Pat was very excited about this .
In the night Francis was invited to the party , at Pat 's home .
Francis discovered the secret !
Now none of Pat 's friends tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .
I went to your show called Over The Rainbow and I was really disappointed by many things .
So I was really surprised .
In addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late .
It was boring for everybody .
How could we appreciate the show properly .
Moreover , in your advert you wrote that there were discounts available but it was not the case .
No discounts were available .
You offered something you could not possibly provide .
I did not have a good time for all of these reasons and I would like you to give me my money back .
I hope you understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
The nightmare started at this time .
I thought she was a really good friend but I made a mistake .
She could n't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy I was in love with .
She did n't tell me but when I came to the class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well .
I looked at her and she became pale and suddenly left the class .
I followed her and caught her to push her to the ground .
I was ready to fight but somebody stopped me .
I could n't go back to the class so I went home .
My Mum was at home and I told her the whole story .
She said that I had to be strong and not care about them .
Then all the girls became jealous and stopped laughing .
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thank you for organising a school trip to London .
We have seen the programme and we all think it will be enjoyable .
Especially to the science museum because we are all doing science in school .
So , it would be great if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show .
We can also suggest how the original programme can be changed .
We will have free time on Wednesday afternoon .
So we can go shopping instead .
We are all looking forward to your answer .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Because there was a man who had had a serious car accident and I was walking past him .
Nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes .
I was struggling because I knew if I did n't help him , he would die in a short time .
And I checked his body condition .
After that I turned on the car 's lights in order to warn the passing cars .
I ran back home for help .
I phoned the police and told them the whole story .
A strange thing happened to me , when I got back to that man .
The car and the man were not there anymore .
I just received your letter with the good news .
I enjoy swimming and singing and I would like to join others in these activities .
Thank you for these wonderful two weeks at Camp California .
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to get a present for someone in my family .
I am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show I saw at your theatre .
The show started forty - five minutes late and this really disappointed me .
Definitely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
She was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit .
This was her only fault .
She had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her .
That was why she decided to change her behaviour .
The secret was about a surprise party for her best friend 's birthday .
The day of the party arrived and Pat succeeded in keeping the secret .
All her friends were amazed at how she had changed and started trusting her at once .
I thought that Dany Brook , who is my favourite actor , would perform in that show .
And I was really disappointed when I saw Jeremy Brook on the stage .
I would be very grateful if I could get my money back .
That evening , which should have been my perfect evening out , was in fact very tiring and boring .
Apologise me for disturb .
I am looking forward to your reply !
It started a week before that day .
Pat found a great place for the party called Blue Box .
My friend and I made the perfect decorations with balloons and other party stuff .
Everyone told us it was breathtaking .
She entered the room , and everyone shouted HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR !
She was so touched that we started to cry .
Anyway the disco was great , music also .
Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever receive !
I must say that the International Arts Festival is really a great idea .
And your last festival was very interesting too .
But also there are some notes that you should improve in next year 's festival to make it absolutely wonderful .
I think it can make your festival more popular .
Your dance shows are very beautiful , the art exhibition is something original and exciting .
And also it is very interesting to talk with writers .
I hope you will continue holding your festivals .
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting .
The question you asked me in it is very original too .
I must say that the rules are n't the same in the schools of our country .
Every school has its own rules .
I think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students .
We are all very friendly in our class and we help each other when we have a problem .
So the main rule in our school is regarding teachers .
My parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right .
I hope everything is good in your family and your school .
I would like to travel in July to California .
The reason is that we have long holidays at school at that time .
I have chosen as my activities surfing and photography .
Most of the time shopping is fun and enjoyable .
There are a lot of reasons why it can be awful to go shopping .
Even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find .
I once had this problem .
I was looking for a special fruit .
The sales assistants in the stores are n't so nice or helpful .
Sometimes they give me a bad feeling like , , customer treat with order .
He wanted everything that his eyes saw .
All the stuff for children is on the same level as their eyes .
Afterwards , I felt tired and unsatisfied with the store .
The shops have bad opening times .
Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing I dreamed about a lot .
You asked me few questions in your letter .
I would like to answer .
The only time for me to visit you is July .
I can come to USA in July because in August I will be working with my father .
We are building a new house for our family .
A tent will be cooler to sleep in than a cabin .
You offer a great variety of activities .
My best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball .
I am a life guard and I could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer .
Basketball is the game which I love .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Ten or fifteen years ago we had empty shelves in shops in Poland .
We could only buy things from Russia .
People always queued for stuff from the west .
If you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night .
It was the worst side of shopping in Poland a couple of years ago .
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market , lots of private shops , markets and supermarkets .
We can buy everything we imagine .
Polish supermarkets are not Polish - origin shops .
They are imported from another Western European country .
I appreciate these shops for lots of products , cheap prices and big spaces .
But the problem is when I want to buy only one thing , for example bread .
On Friday evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded .
They are filled with people who want to buy everything .
I do not like crowded places .
This is the reason why I do not like shopping .
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I have won first prize in your competition .
I can tell you I am only free in July .
As regards the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to do painting and photography .
I paint in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals .
I also like taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips .
So when I go back home I can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting .
I would also like to know how much money I can bring .
First I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do it in a hurry or as a duty .
If you have to run from one shop to another , always looking at your watch , going shopping is a terrible activity .
For instance , it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a T - shirt although you do not buy anything .
To sum up I enjoy wasting money whether buying useful things or not .
I often like buying gifts for my relatives and friends .
Thank you very much for your recent letter .
As for your questions , I am free to travel only in July because I will have my holiday after finishing the exams .
And , I have to return to my university by August .
Also , please advise me regarding any things it is necessary to prepare and bring .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Last month , I was partly in the concert teams .
It was a big one and I could n't have imagined how amazing it was .
I did n't know what was my responsibility until they called me to be trained .
You might understand how excited I was .
I am a foreign student who is on holiday here .
I am going to stay here for a week .
I went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible .
I would like to describe to you my experience because I want you to give me my money back .
Last Monday , I went to the theatre with two friends .
We arrived on time but the show was delayed until half - past eight .
Moreover , we were n't given any discount for being students .
Furthermore , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us .
When there was an intermission we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late .
We could n't have a drink .
Finally , I would be grateful if you could answer me soon .
Our lives are changing .
When I was a child I had different entertainment to those that modern - day children have .
We could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy ourselves without a computer .
We had n't so many machines as they have .
The technology is growing and growing .
If you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want .
It 's very important but sometimes it is a bad thing because the children can see it too .
Moreover you can change the TV programme without getting up .
We can find information about the weather and sports on our TV - text .
On the other hand , science is changing .
We have more researchers than a few years ago and we will be able to find the solution to lots of problems .
Actually , we can cure illnesses which were once very dangerous .
The new technology is changing our lives .
I spent two days there , and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been to .
I also hope that the festival could be even better next year .
It would explain why some concert halls were simply too small - you just could n't afford bigger ones .
On the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose from impressed me the most .
I thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year .
My suggestion for next year 's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer !
Thank you for your last letter - I was very pleased to receive it .
We do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal .
We do n't have to wear any special uniforms or signs of our school .
We are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course !
In winter we are to change our shoes .
I am also used to writing exams which are very often in Polish schools .
At home I do n't have many rules either .
Also , in August I will be studying a summer course in English .
In addition , I would prefer to stay in a tent .
Because I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and everyday comforts , during these two weeks .
I have been playing basketball in a team in my town for ten years .
Also tennis is my favourite hobby and I play twice a week with my friends .
Finally , I would be grateful to you if you would tell me about clothes and money .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
First of all , I think that I helped them .
Every day of that month I was trying to advertise this concert .
I know it was difficult and tiring but I enjoyed it a lot .
Firstly , it was a good break from the usual routine .
Because I was doing it for the first time .
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw that the concert was a success and every day it was crowded .
Because I believed that this was a result which came about with my help .
I would like to do it again in the future .
It was a fantastic experience .
All the students are very pleased and we are looking forward to going to London .
London is the place to be because there is always something happening .
We think it is a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , and find out about make - up and hairstyles .
According to your programme , we have the Science Museum which is in the morning and then shopping .
All the students would be very grateful .
I think for all of us home is something which is very important .
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come from .
Anyway home is always the place to go because it is ours , we feel safe and comfortable there .
After hard work , we want to go home to have our corner where we are able to rest and relax .
I think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep .
We live in a very busy world !
Working long hours , doing plenty of activities , going out , going on holidays .
We do n't even spend time with our families .
Probably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there .
Some of us have been living in the same house since we were born .
Over the Rainbow , which you advertised .
I saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th June .
However , I was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement .
First of all , I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his acting .
He did not perform that evening .
We waited for ages because we had not been informed .
Finally , we went to the restaurant in your theatre after the show .
It was closed because of the staff training .
Unless I hear from you within ten days , I shall have to take legal advice on this matter .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
It is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by modern technology such as computers and washing machines etc .
Especially for families .
I have found it very expensive to buy them but there are a number of advantages .
First of all , dishwashers are very convenient for me because I work full - time and look after my children .
It is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working .
Before buying my dishwasher I asked my son to wash them .
He complained about that a lot .
In my opinion , modern technology makes our life easier .
It is very good for us but I think we should think more carefully when we buy something for our children .
During the show I expected to see Danny Brook , who is my favourite actor , and Tina Truelove .
There were Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them .
It really disappointed me .
After the show finished I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed .
Finally , I would like to have a refund for my ticket because it was a horrible evening .
The sun was shining and the wind was blowing like we had imagined .
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yesterday .
At the beginning I would like to answer the questions you asked me in your letter .
As I was requested I should choose two activities from the list .
So I decided to choose climbing and photography .
These two are easy to connect , I could climb and make pictures at the same time .
I am very keen on photography .
Climbing , in contrast , is something I started a few months ago , so I have not gained any success in this sport .
But you could give me a chance to get more familiar with it .
I would like to ask about clothes .
I want to thank you once more for taking me into consideration in your competition .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You had to be disappointed .
There are a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping .
You might spend too much money and buy something you do n't really need .
You could also buy something which later turns out to be broken .
So you have to complain about it .
Very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time .
Moreover , you could face an aggressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager .
This leads to an escalation of your anger .
Sometimes you could find a bargain .
You are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price .
But at home you notice that there is a tear on the sleeve .
And you could n't of course take it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee .
You could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money .
Somebody could give you not enough change .
So if you do n't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping .
I would like to complain about the show which you presented last Saturday .
It was such a disappointing evening out with my friend during our week 's holiday in London .
We have had a quite pleasant time except for that evening .
Actually it spoiled our time .
So I would like to get back our money .
These are some points I want to mention about the differences between what the advertisement said and the realities .
First , I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook playing his role , but he had never shown up that night .
The main actor was an unknown actor .
It was such a disappointment .
It was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be .
It was so boring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre .
Third , there was no possibility of a discount .
Fourth , the theatre restaurant was closed .
There was a note on the door saying that painting was going on that weekend .
Finally , the sentence that was written on the advertisement was absolutely not true .
It was the most imperfect evening out I ever experienced .
I hope that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need to give back the money we paid .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time making intimate friendships with people around me .
First it was because of the culture difference .
It took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institute .
Secondly the language ability was another issue .
I really wished to have a friend with whom I could share everything that is going on in our lives .
She was such a wonderful person in our class .
She tried to help others when they had a difficult time at school .
One day she realized that I was always outside of the circle .
One day she invited me to her flat .
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usually .
We had a fantastic time together for three months .
We could even make a trip to Paris in the school holiday !
We had many common interests in music , art and books .
I thought that I had found a good friend in my life .
So I told her everything about my life .
There were some stories I never told anyone before , but I shared with her all my secrets .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
A few days after I told her about my secret love story , it became top gossip among my classmates .
Thank you for your letter and your congratulations .
I never thought that I would win the competition .
It is really wonderful .
I am a student at Portsmouth College and the end of this term is 23 June , so I can only travel in July .
I wonder if it is all right to come at that time .
I would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable .
I would like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere in which I will be living .
I like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming .
I want to go there now .
I look forward to your letter .
This report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it .
Lots of students normally have classes in the morning .
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afternoon .
For instance , reading , looking for some information or using the computer .
The arts students want to learn another foreign language .
Moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that focus on the examination .
Most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon .
Start some part - time foreign language classes for the students who are interested in them .
Let foreign students do more exercises about English to help them pass the exam .
Use the equipment and space that we have to organise some activities .
I am writing to thank you for your letter confirming that I won the first prize in your competition .
I would also like to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip .
Furthermore , in August I will be preparing for my course at the university where I am starting next September .
I would also like you to specify if the food is included in the prize .
Please let me know if you need more information .
As requested , I visited some classes during lessons and some other rooms while activities were taking place .
The aim of this report is to make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed .
I also think that it will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background .
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July , due to problems beyond my control .
Otherwise I will not be able to travel abroad .
It is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp .
As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in those activities .
I came second in last year 's swimming competition and I have enrolled in photography classes .
On the camp I can practise them a lot .
I was wondering if I need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency .
I am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another .
However , this term has been a far cry from the others .
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge concert by a singer who is a well - known pop star as well as my favourite .
Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs , some of which I put in the envelope .
It was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion .
I helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments .
It 's especially great to visit the Science Museum , because of its exhibitions .
The London Fashion and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday .
Our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon .
In this way , the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion Show .
Famous people are special in the eyes of the rest of society .
They form opinions and invent new fashion styles .
If the famous person does n't mind being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacy the media has to respect that .
Everybody likes to be with their family without any reporter or photographer hanging around .
Respect is essential .
They deserve to have a private life like any ordinary person .
First of all , the actors were different from those who were advertised .
It was my dream to see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , so it is still my dream because of your show .
So , I had no perfect evening out and I want my money back .
Fifty years ago people did n't even think that after 2000 years they would have another life .
When Thomas Adison invented electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that century .
And nowadays modern technology can change all our lives .
I mean , almost everyone now has a car , a computer , a mobile phone and even an airplane .
My life is changing too .
Second , modern technology helps me in the kitchen .
Cooking has become faster with the help of the microwave .
What is more , modern technology prevents different illnesses .
On the other hand , people can atrophided of all these inventions .
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you have organised for our trip to London .
The sightseeing by bus , in particular , seems to be very interesting .
This would be a great opportunity for us because we are all interested in clothes , sports and fashion .
I almost forgot to mention that it is free for students !
Unfortunately we have noticed that on the 14th we are already visiting the Science Museum .
We could maybe change Tuesday 's programme to Wednesday .
Please think about this and give us an answer .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
I am fine but quite busy because I have my German exams .
Therefore I read Agatha Christie 's Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
It is also a suitable present for your cousin , I think .
One story is about ten people who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island .
There is a storm and they can not leave .
Suddenly a murder takes place !
Believe me , you would never guess who the killer is !
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective , and he finally solves the mystery .
But I will not tell you any more .
You have to read it yourself .
And if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book !
Unfortunately it is quite expensive ,  32 .
But do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it !
Okay , I hope to have news from you very soon .
First of all , I think I would like to travel in July , which will be the only month when I will be able to go .
I think sleeping in a tent is more fun than other .
I look forward to hearing from you .
In fact , there was nothing very important I did , because we were not the right people to do it .
I only put the speakers in the right places , or helped the engineers test the lights .
The fourth day , the singers and the musicians were there to test .
Then I had a chance to speak with them .
From that , I learnt more about the instruments .
Finally , the day of the concert came .
Anyway , now I have to stop to finish my homework .
According to your advertisement , the stars were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE .
I decided to go to see this show because of its stars , but on the day I saw it , a different actor performed .
He was not DANNY BROOK .
Moreover there were no discount tickets .
They were all sold out .
You should have said there were very few .
I had to buy a  20 ticket .
To make matters worse , the time that the show started was delayed .
That 's why I could n't have dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show .
It had already closed when the show finished .
Modern technology has changed my life .
In particular , the computer has changed my daily life dramatically .
I open my mailbox every night .
Before using e - mail , I used to write letters and sometimes used the telephone .
Because as soon as I send my message , they receive it .
In other words , I can also receive their reply quickly .
It 's really useful when I need a quick reply .
Moreover when I send e - mail , I do n't need to worry about the time .
I can send them anytime I like .
I am writing to complain about the show , Over the Rainbow , which I saw in your theatre last week .
I was really disappointed because the show was far from what I expected .
First of all , I was really expecting to see Danny Brook , my favourite actor .
However , he was not on the stage that day .
Secondly the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing .
It was a waste of time .
Furthermore , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay .
I had to go home without eating dinner , though I was really hungry .
I have to say that the evening was terrible .
If I had known all of them , I would have changed my plan and could have had a better time .
I strongly suggest you give us the right information .
I would also like to claim a refund for the evening .
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention .
People have become more informal , casual and practical than before .
First of all , people might think more about the function of clothes than the design .
It 's like a joke , but a bit scary .
It said in the advertisement that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
However , there was a different , unknown actor in that .
After the show , I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed for no reason .
The real show is really very different to what is described in the advertisement .
I am unsatisfied and would like to ask for some money back .
Please would you also change the advertisement to the level of the actual facts .
Thank you for your attention .
It is a very hard thing to predict .
The fashion in nowaday clothing just keeps on changing .
Although some may appear again after a few years , different styles are developed .
As for the colours , I think metallic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular .
Maybe paper can also be a fabric used to make clothing and for those who like to wear new clothes every day .
It will be great to spend two weeks at Camp California .
First of all , I would like to say that the only month available for me to travel is July .
I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is reserved for going with my parents to France .
This was scheduled 3 months ago .
About accommodation , I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are cleaner than the tents .
There is one question I would like to ask you about the Camp .
I would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes .
I hope this letter contains all the information you need from me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Maybe for women , but not for me .
I know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it 's what really happens .
For men , sometimes it is hard to go shopping with their partners .
Sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town .
And of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like .
You can not waste time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive .
And that is always what we want .
That 's men 's intention .
Another point is to go to a big area .
Specially at weekends .
Everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around .
People should have to get a licence to drive those things .
Someone could be injured .
And of course , the time to pay .
A huge queue that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out .
In conclusion , for me , to go shopping is not enjoyable at all .
I would be grateful if you could do that .
Nowadays , technology is the most useful tool that human beings have .
It affects everyone who lives on this planet and every activity done on it .
I use technology every minute but I did not realise .
Apart from this , I do n't spent my free time using technology .
I am writing to ask about your advertisement and theatre show .
I am a student in Liverpool , and recently I had a week 's holiday in London .
On my first day in London , I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me .
But I was really disappointed by it .
First of all , there was only one actor that was different from your advertisement .
Also , it was certain for me to be able to buy a discount ticket because I am a student .
But , it was not possible .
Second , I went to the theatre at exactly seven thirty in the evening .
However , the show started 45 minutes later .
I wasted too much time waiting .
It was not good for me , because I had only one weeks holiday in London .
Moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed with the word Staff vacation on the front door after the show .
It was totally different from your leaflet .
On the whole , I was really disappointed at that time .
I enclose my phone number and address .
Fashion of the Future .
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with a simple design in the future .
Because the people will stay at home more than now with their computer .
And they will use soft cozy fabrics like cotton and silk .
Some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of the others will be familiar to us .
And they will use most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc .
Maybe some people will be naked .
Just imagine the future people 's way of life .
And you can see their clothes also .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I was really surprised and very happy when I read that I have won the first prize .
The activities I would like to do most are climbing and surfing .
Many people , especially women , love shopping .
But shopping is not always enjoyable .
First of all because of the great variety in the store .
And very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want .
Another problem is that shops and stores are often overcrowded .
Very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people .
Regarding the accommodation , I would prefer a tent because it is more appropriate to a camp .
Thank you very much for everything .
Here I am , writing to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert .
You ca n't imagine how much I enjoyed that journey .
And later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started .
And I helped them fix the last details .
After the concert I only helped tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean .
Later the band was talking to me , I could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band .
Thank you for the letter you have sent recently .
It was a surprise to learn that I won the first prize .
The reason I am really writing , however , is to give you some details about my trip to California .
In the letter you said that the accommodation provided can be either a tent or a log cabin .
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes we have to bring .
Do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the Camp .
I would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is .
thanking you in anticipation .
I look forward to hearing from you .
What a surprise it was to get a letter from you after all this time .
This is just to let you know with whom I worked .
In order to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the city , the County Council organised an open air concert .
It was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend .
I knew some help was needed so I decided to speak to the manager .
My job was to leave some leaflets in shops , restaurants and on the streets .
Working with this band was an experience I will never forget .
What I really enjoyed was being part of the staff .
Although I was very nervous , I knew I could do the job well .
Perhaps I could show you the pictures I took .
I am writing to express my disappointment with the play over the rainbow , which is showing at the Circle Theatre .
Surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage during the play .
Therefore , the theatre or the company is lying .
Secondly , the show started one hour and fifteen minutes late .
We arrived at the theatre on time and we had to wait all that time until the show began .
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an aggressive employee refused to answer me .
He stayed looking at me and laughing .
The evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from what was promised in the advertisement .
Definitely , I want my money back as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
However , I have to admit that I told her my own opinion .
Well , that was the beginning of my tragedy .
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely aggressive .
At precisely that moment I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter 's niece .
I know it 's my fault .
But , well , the unhappiness started with Pat and my revealed secrets .
Firstly , the play started nearly an hour later than I expected !
If the show had been beautiful , I would have been quite happy to wait .
Then , I had read that there would be discounts available , but that was n't true !
It 's better not to write anything if it is n't true .
The main actor , Danny Brook , was changed and the one who played his part was n't as good as I expected .
For all these reasons , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon !
Organise your shows better and do not exaggerate with publicity !
There could be many things to say about this .
Technology is a wide field which expands very quickly .
It 's creating an artificial world , where everything is electronic and fast .
Certainly , thanks to it , we can do things today that were impossible a few centuries ago .
When the first car appeared , it was already a great success .
Before that , people travelled by horse or worse .
Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America , Australia or wherever else they want !
We pay less attention to our life , to those things which give us happiness , that are n't money , success , power .
Finally , everyone should slow down his own life 's rhythm .
I was very excited at the idea of going to the theatre , but it did n't work out as I thought it would .
To finish my marvellous evening , I wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given .
As I did n't have a perfect evening out , I think I have the right to ask for my money back .
I hope you understand .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Two years ago in this school , Pat and I used to be best friends .
We used to tell everything to each other .
I was having some family problems , so my marks were going down and down .
Pat was worried , she did n't know what to do .
That afternoon she visited me and told me a plan she had designed to make my marks rise .
It consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hacking into the school software .
I thought it was a great idea , so I stole about ten tests we were scheduled to do .
Pat could n't stand the pressure of the crime so she told the school directors that I stole the tests .
I was punished , nearly expelled , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .
I never accused her of lying , and if you ask me why , I really do n't know .
I am writing to you after visiting your theatre .
Frankly speaking , I was very disappointed after my visit .
According to your advertisement I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all .
But nevertheless I decided to go to your show .
I had to wait in the overcrowded hall .
When the show finally started I found out that Danny Brook had been replaced by another actor .
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook 's participation .
So , you could understand how disappointed I was .
To make matters worse , the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisement was closed .
So I did n't have such a perfect evening as was promised in your advertisement .
In my opinion , modern technologies play an important role in people 's lives .
I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and internet technologies .
Both computers and the Internet influence people 's lives .
I have to use a computer every day .
It helps me with preparing my homework .
First of all the Internet gives you access to a great number of different information .
Though the Internet has a lot of positive aspects , I think you should be careful with it and not be dependent on it .
At the beginning I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much .
However there are some problems that I hope to solve .
First of all the only suitable time for me to go is July .
It is the only time when I am free from my duties - I am a doctor so you see that I can not let my patients down .
If we are talking about accommodation then accommodation in tents would be great - I love being close to nature .
There is also one thing that I would like to ask you about .
Unconnected part of all people 's lives is shopping .
We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this is money .
As a teenager I must admit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping .
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like you are flying .
Choosing gives me such great pleasure because I never have to worry about where I get money for my wishes .
It all comes from my parents .
All I have to do is buy and choose .
It 's hard for me even to imagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable .
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something badly and you ca n't have it .
Another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present .
I am sad to read about Richard not being well .
I hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
The college is just steps away from the bottom end .
The end - of - conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
It will start with a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .
As nights may be cold at this time of the year , may I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
Because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
communication has changed , not improved .
For rescue teams , it is a great help .
It is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
I am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 10 June .
You can make contact with Mrs Brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 .
The end - of - conference party , which will be in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .
What 's more is that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
As you see , what to wear is just something casual .
Basically it 's free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
I hope your questions have been answered appropriately .
Nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
First of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
When shopping , we do n't need to wait for the cashier to take every article 's note by hand .
When booking a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
Lastly the way of communications has also changed .
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper .
A very important and severe problem is reliability and security .
So far , it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers .
First at all , I am sorry about Richard 's illness .
Please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
Because it is a well - known hotel it should be easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
Finally , in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .
It will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Sagrada Familia , a real holy building .
Gaudi conceived of this church in 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 they started to build it .
Since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again .
After Gaudi 's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
Nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible .
The visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour .
There is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted .
And , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
I am pleased to help you .
We looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer .
We found two good hotels and we decided on the Palace Hotel .
This has the best price that we could find .
On the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk .
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes .
Finally , on the last day I suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
The aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Museum .
This is a historical building .
I asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose .
The Museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
It is situated on the top of a little mountain in the old part of the city .
You are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time .
On the whole , this is the best building in Acapulco for its history and reputation .
It is the best place to go and it is easy to get there .
My hope is that nothing goes wrong .
So you have to know more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is located in the city centre .
As far as I know , this hotel is very comfortable .
There is also a subway - station near Palace Hotel .
Our college is not very far away .
You only have to take the subway - train .
After three stations you have arrived at Brooklyn street .
When you come out of the subway you see our college .
The students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - conference party .
There will also be an international buffet .
So do n't eat too much before you come .
And please do n't worry about clothes .
There are not any rules .
In our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
I think you should visit Water World on your last day .
You will have a lot of fun , I can tell you .
If you need any further information please call me .
The telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places .
People use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my opinion people need a telephone .
For example a telephone is very important in professional life .
Nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also it is good for people 's safety .
You can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
People also use the telephone in their personal life .
For example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
They are able to give and receive information very quickly .
This invention has made our lives easier and quicker .
The telephone has also made my own life easy and quick .
It makes something possible you can not do .
Finally , I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
I am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
It is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
The students can get there on the No 35 bus .
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at Palace Station .
The hotel is opposite the station .
They will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
There will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
It would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
Do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
It is a different experience .
I recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
It is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit Nyremberg .
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .
I am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college .
I will give you the information you have requested .
First of all , we have booked the Palace Hotel for your group .
This hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
Furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
The aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town .
I am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the conference .
I hope I can answer your questions .
In addition to this , we have chosen the luxury Palace Hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car .
I suggest you should go by train and get off at Museum Station .
The conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier .
The conference , not being modest , is quite well organized .
It will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
I suggest you should wear something informal .
Even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students .
I am very happy that you want to know about my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
I look forward to hearing from you .
This is a good question .
People always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane .
Unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
Maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
The best way is definitely by air .
With this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us .
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's lives in wars .
Now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
Let 's congratulate Santos Dummont !
Thank you for your letter .
Of course I will give you some more details about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has looked at is the Palace Hotel .
It 's located close to the main train station in our town .
It is quite near the conference building .
There will be extra buses to get there .
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance .
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all the students .
You do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .
There are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lakeside .
If you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling .
Our church is a very famous building in our country .
It is eighty metres long and its tower is forty - five metres tall .
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side .
The tower is red and the church itself is painted white .
In the church are many expensive drawings .
There is space for about five hundred people .
The church was built in 1385 .
It was rebuilt in 1948 because of the Second World War , when it had been damaged .
The church is located in a place where you can see the whole Rigi mountain chain .
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .
It has an interesting past .
The tower is absolutely marvellous .
You can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view .
Dear Mrs Smith , Hello Maria .
In this letter you will get all the information that you need .
And you can catch the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College .
It is four bus stops away .
The rest you already know .
I suggest wearing shirts and jeans .
And the last three hours before you return , we can go to the Imax cinema to watch a 3-D film !
Afterwards we will eat in the KFC .
Then we will all take you and the students to the airport .
Madrid is a big city and has many interesting places .
But the best place for me is La Vaguada .
An entertainment and commercial building .
We can have fun as well .
And that 's why I recommend this place to you .
The building itself is a large building .
It is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
The building seems to be very new but it is quite old .
People love this place and called it Madrid Two .
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building attracts a lot of people .
Inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
And it is easy to get to .
Just take the 83 bus or the subway .
In here , you can find everything that you want .
We chose the Palace Hotel because it 's near our college , too .
So you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes .
We are all looking forward to seeing your group .
It is n't easy to give an answer to this question .
This animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world .
And we like that , because it 's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something .
Now we should be able to answer the introducing question .
No , I do n't think so .
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't imagine that it could n't exist .
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .
The conference which , will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together .
I am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit .
I would like to introduce one building in my town .
Sky Heaven , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the tallest building in the world .
You should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
It will be a good experience for your students .
I hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference .
I hope that I have been able to give you some help .
And I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
I am writing a report , in which I will describe for you the most important building in my town .
The most important building of Biasco is the , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda .
It is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
In this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of Biasco .
Under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese is produced and why it is so famous in Tiano .
I hope that this information will encourage you to visit Biasco and its , , house .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is only 2 miles away from our college .
You do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear shorts or trainers .
It 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
There is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends .
I am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
In my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car .
Cars play a big part in our life .
Everywhere you look you can see cars .
Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
I do n't think I need to comment on this .
I arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and I could n't drive at that time .
Johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
I could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself .
Since I passed my driving test I can not understand how I used to live without a car before .
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutely love it !
I am writing to give you some information about an international student conference .
First of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes Hotel .
It is very near York Railway Station , from which you can get there easily .
For example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .
In addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
Finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
It would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days .
A car is one of the inventions which are very useful .
I think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
Apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere .
The car has significantly affected my life .
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music , as I brought some cassettes with me from Thailand .
I took a driving - theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a practical driving test very soon .
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that I will know more about the advantages of using a car .
In conclusion , I think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car !
Let me give you some further information concerning the event .
Firstly I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
It is called the Palace Hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations .
The conference is not too far from your hotel .
After that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
You do n't need to wear formal clothes .
Just everyday clothes .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
Do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
A traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
There is a small entry fee .
Inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc .
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you .
I must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of July .
The hotel that we booked is the Palace Hotel , which is near the bus station .
When you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37 , which will go to the town centre .
From there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus .
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre .
So we suggest wearing cowboy - style clothes .
I hope that I have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great .
It is the only old Roman school in the world .
This place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up .
The door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important .
They decided to build more schools , especially in Switzerland because the people there were considered clever .
During the Second World War all the schools were demolished and only ours is left .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to answer your question .
Firstly , I have already booked the Palace Hotel for the students .
That is the hotel near my college .
It takes five minutes to get to my college on foot .
I will copy the map around the college .
Secondly , I will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
The party will be held in the dining room .
The people who will attend the party include many professors , semi - professors and faculties .
So I suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
Finally , I will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
The city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
For example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
I suggest that you should visit these places .
You will have a good time .
In addition , there are many other colleges .
You will be able to meet many Japanese students .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
If you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time .
I suggest that you should visit one building .
My town is the capital of Japan .
So there are many tall buildings .
I think it is like New York .
However , there is only one building which I want you to visit .
I have three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the aquarium in the building .
Secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in Tokyo .
The view of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place .
I hope when you visit you will be favourite place .
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference .
I would like to do my best to help you .
The hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon .
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for the students .
In addition , I suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
Finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time .
In this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available .
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Here is my report for American students who want information on an interesting building to visit in Ankara .
It is located in the middle of the forest .
There are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present .
There is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone .
Their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available .
There is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see Ankara from the hill .
I am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference .
The hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel .
It is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car .
There is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
On Friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time .
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college .
Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
Moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
There are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight .
Some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
Owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
Therefore , electric light was invented .
Nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need electric light .
It must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited .
I think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
I was very pleased to receive your letter .
It is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference .
Students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive .
Therefore it is no good taking a bus .
I will help you to book the coach .
There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wear pub - wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you go to the market in town during the 3-hour gap .
It is a nice place to buy British - style gifts for your family and friends .
You could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby .
I would be pleased to give any help you need .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
It was founded in 1910 .
It is a traditional type of Chinese temple .
Because of the 2nd World War , it was re - built in 1960 .
A big Buddha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor Buddha in the world .
The location of Po Lin Temple is on Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
Then you need to take the bus , an A110 , A111 or A112 , to Po Lin Temple .
It is quite convenient .
All the buses and the MTR have air - conditioning .
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos .
Of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of Hong Kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 100 years .
You must n't miss the famous Big Buddha , or you will be sorry .
The temple also provides free Chinese traditional - style meals for visitors .
To sum up , I think Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit , especially for Americans students .
It is easy to get there and free admission .
There will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end .
Everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the Airport .
There are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
If there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
It 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
Because all of them are so important in different ways .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e - mail .
However , the problem was solved by a telephone .
We are now still friends .
Thanks to the invention of the telephone .
As for the last day , I would suggest you make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the Castle .
I always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions .
As an example let 's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed .
I hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
I think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students .
I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me .
I was thinking about the Palace Hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties .
The party will be nice .
On the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places .
Those are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that you will like them .
Today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life .
I think that we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things .
The second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
It 's important to have electricity because without it you ca n't do anything .
The other one is the television .
You can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time .
A boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places .
This year the families they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .
First of all , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
It has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
The hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
Next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
We can do a lot of things in my area .
We can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
I find television the most important invention .
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema any more .
With television , old people are less alone because most old women do n't have their husbands any more .
Television is a good way to be informed about the news .
I hope it was useful for you .
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront .
It is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
Also , there is a museum of history inside .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel .
Walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
When you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks .
There will be music as well for dancing .
The director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .
I have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave .
In the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
I hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you .
I am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference .
The computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways .
The computer has made a lot of jobs easier .
But they have definitely been a very important invention .
The last relationed with computers is the Internet .
With the Internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment .
And you can get lots of information about a lot of things .
You can find everything that you need on the Internet .
Nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing .
I have received your letter and I am glad I can help you .
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
When you are in the college , ask for me .
We will provide you with food and drinks .
For your free time I have quite a few ideas .
There are lots of things to do here .
We have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel .
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
If you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that .
I hope this information will be helpful .
If you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which I can not imagine myself living without .
Apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine .
Nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
Five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
It has been a plus for me .
All in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is not very far from my college .
You will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
Instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
The Little Woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit .
It is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum .
It can be accessed by the nearby train station .
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there .
A special trip could also be organized .
I am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .
I appreciate if I can offer you my help .
I would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference .
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college .
You need only spend 5 minutes walking to get to the college .
After the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue .
The party will take place in a forest close to a campsite .
I hope we will have nice weather .
Therefore , I suggest wearing casual clothes .
The exhibition will take place at the Gribaldi museum , which you can find on Crariden street , N 5 .
You will never regret about my suggestion .
If you need more information let me know .
Report on the building at Berkeley Square .
The students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
However , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .
Most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past .
This building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows .
In addition , I also visited this place - and I was very impressed .
Finally I would recommend you visit the Barkely Square area .
In this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract .
It ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference .
Also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel .
At the end of the conference there will be a party .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else .
In conclusion do n't make very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
Thank you for your letter .
So I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
They also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking .
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you do n't wear jeans and trainers .
That is a very traditional Japanese city where there are many temples and monuments .
By the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
Oh Baby , I ca n't live without you !
Let us try to appreciate their importance again .
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without thinking .
That 's the nature of human beings .
But I think it 's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is near the train station .
It is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel .
The bus runs from in front of the hotel .
If you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building .
At the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style .
At the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel .
We have arranged some tours of the city .
You will be visiting some interesting places and towers .
I look forward to seeing you .
Lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables .
A computer is a really clever machine .
This saves a lot of money for companies .
I am writing in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
This is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
People are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
Finally I think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic Pergam 's Museum before leaving .
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there .
I wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .
Below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need .
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation .
The adjoining restaurant is very good as well .
The waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
In fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
In reply to your letter , I would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
Therefore , you can wear something quite casual .
I hope this letter can help you with enough information .
Well , I do n't think so .
The only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation !
With it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
In the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
These were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
They had to read , study and walk in the dark .
Today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens !
Well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply .
I remember when I was about 5 , I visited a museum with my family .
While I was in the toilet , all the lights went off !
First of all , I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill .
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference .
The hotel is The Palace Hotel .
Regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay .
The party will have a relaxed atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
There will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself .
The cafe in the hotel is available .
I hope that this information will be useful .
If you have any questions I am more than happy to help .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
Imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
Thank god for those who created our electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliance .
Electricity is a clever invention .
Life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
Electricity is very important in keeping our lives going .
No matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity .
I , personally , could n't live without electricity .
It has already affected and played a great role in my life .
I watch the television and use the computer every day .
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city centre .
The hotel is just three bus stops away from our college .
The end - of - conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference .
It is located in our sports hall .
There will be live music and a midnight dinner .
For your last day I think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre .
I will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
If you have any more questions , write me a short letter .
The invention of the car was a great point in history .
From there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted .
Within of course the physical barriers .
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there .
I just had no way to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .
I always needed my Mom or my Dad to take me where I wanted to go .
Today I have my own car and I use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
So with my car I achieved great freedom .
Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
For the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans or tee shirts .
There are a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .
For details , look at the map on the next page .
Alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
So , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
She had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea .
She sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
Drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place .
She did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
I have just received a letter from you .
I really appreciate your interest in our conference .
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
This is a very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased about staying there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student .
However , we have already arranged a mini - bus for you .
But I hope you will wear a formal suit and dress .
You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attractions .
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc .
We have been preparing all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attendance .
If you want more information , please let me know .
Welcome to my town and I really appreciate your visiting .
I will tell you some information about this building .
If you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .
For a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens .
Therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
It provides all kinds of food .
Lastly , I really want you to go to the aquarium .
Actually I have been there three times but I still want to go there again .
I am sure you will like this very much .
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e - mail or give me a call .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested .
It will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college .
There will be a party after the conference .
Therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
You will be able to buy them at a reasonable price .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
I look forward to meeting all of you .
The aim of this report is to give information on the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
It is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
It was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself .
There is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive .
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners .
It seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building .
In particular , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
However , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
In short , the Amusement Centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
Thank you very much for your letter which I received yesterday .
I am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college .
I will now give you some useful information .
First of all , we come to some important points about the organisation .
The group has been booked into a comfortable and well - situated hotel , whose name is the Palace Hotel .
The hotel is on the right - hand side of Parker Piece , which you can find on the map which I will send you .
The conference is taking place in the building opposite the bus stop .
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .
In a well - known and pleasant pub in the city centre we have some food and drinks .
Also , there will be a very famous live band .
You do not have to wear formal clothes .
You asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral .
We also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for more information .
I look forward to meeting you soon .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening .
It is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels .
First of all , the TV can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world .
Furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .
It can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
To sum up , in my opinion the TV is a very good and useful invention .
However , it shows a lot of violence which is not good for children .
Thank you for your letter .
Fortunately , it is not far from our college .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the information given is useful for you .
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell at the end of the 19th century .
Nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future .
When I was a child , we had no telephone at home , and I always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
I want to inform you that I have already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .
Next week I will start organising some events for this conference .
The events will take place at the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel that you will be staying at .
We chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need transport .
I think it is a nice idea .
Nowadays everyone has a telephone .
The telephone is part of our life .
It is one of the most important inventions all over the world .
The telephone is a means of communication .
Today , with the development of technology , the capabilities of the telephone have been improved .
There are telephones that give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line .
Also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't reach someone .
The latest type of telephone is the mobile phone .
You can use it everywhere and anytime .
Young people especially spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents .
I have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
As you know , a hotel called the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
The best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
I am afraid there are no buses to get there .
We will have a great party at the end of the conference .
The party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar .
On your last day you have the afternoon free .
In my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
You can find a lot of things to do or to see .
You can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
I hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .
If you need any more information , please let me know .
I first bought a computer when I was in university .
It was very necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .
At that time I entered the magic world of computers .
Linking to the Internet was so popular .
The Internet was something amazing for me .
I meet a lot of people on the Internet and it really interests me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the Internet .
I was n't able to imagine this before .
In addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
Everything in this world will work with computers from now on .
Computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world .
And they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so it is very easy to reach the conference .
What is more , I would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men a tie is obligatory .
Finally , if I were you I would go shopping in the City Centre in your last hours .
I hope you will find my letter of interest and I look forward to seeing you .
In the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier .
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys .
However , I have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
That 's why I could n't imagine my life without one .
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start .
And you are staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .
You can take buses or our school buses .
It costs forty pence .
If you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus .
One of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour .
In my opinion , you should wear normal clothes .
I would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema , museums , a gallery .
This is very famous in our city .
I hope that my advice will help you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Pusan Castle is located in the South of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
Historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there .
It was built four hundred years ago .
and there is a very big park in the Castle .
Pusan Castle shows Korean history from when one of our Kings made our country .
A shop specially for groups .
They can be given a discount .
What is more , every place is explained in English .
So you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
Fortunately if over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount .
On the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
However , I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful .
Due the hotel being such an elegant place I would suggest dressing up in evening dress .
In fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .
Although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
Thank you for your letter .
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference .
I phoned the tourist information office last week and I got some information about the accommodation for the students .
I think we should book the Palace Hotel .
It is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
I am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park .
I hope my suggestion and ideas will help you to organise the meeting .
I look forward to receiving your confirmation .
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast .
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .
The entrance fee is  7 for each student .
There are some shops , a caf and toilets .
Also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum .
The negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students .
I am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which I received this morning .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
It is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
In my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .
Basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in London .
However , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
I look forward to welcoming you .
As far as I know , the telephone was invented in the 19th century .
Since the Internet was introduced , many of us ca n't imagine life without it .
We have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time .
This invention has changed my life completely .
Thank you for your letter .
It will be pleasure to help you .
The following is some information about the International student conference .
The party will be in the Palace Hotel .
The Hotel is very close to the Town Hall .
From Park Square , just go straight .
You can see the sign for the hotel .
This is an International student party , so I suggest you wear traditional costume .
It looks nice and has good meaning .
You can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party .
After the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner .
At the end of the conference you can dance and sing together .
These are my suggestions for this party .
If you still have a problem , you can call me .
I heard that a group of American students has just arrived in our town .
I want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
It is the main building of LUTON University in Park Square .
It is an academic building .
II suit , academic rooms , a GYM Club and a restaurant .
There is a very big library .
You can find any information from it that you want .
For the rest of the time , you can go to the IT suite to use the Internet .
If you feel hungry , you do n't need to go out .
Just in the same building , you can find a restaurant .
I recommend visiting this building .
Because American students will know British students is how to study and different campus life .
They can also talk with British students to communicate study experience .
Below I provide some information you asked about .
First of all , I would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .
This hotel is the next building after the Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
So , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes .
I look forward to meeting your group at our conference .
In my opinion this building is the best place to visit .
This building is situated on the magnificent bank of the Niva River with an excellent view of the Hermitage Museum .
It is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the Russian system of art education .
It is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office .
The conference will be held in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
Take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of The Royal Hall .
The end - of - conference party will be hold in Francescos Restaurant , just by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
I hope all this information is helpful for you .
Imagine your life without a telephone .
Yes , I know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think about the people living at the time it was invented .
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack .
We sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
I am one of the students and I am going to give you some information , all you need .
Then you will arrive at the Palace Hotel , which is on the left - hand side .
Regarding the end - of - conference party .
We recommend you go to the BBC building .
First of all , the BBC building is the news building of England .
for Example , THAILAND , the United States of America , INDONESIA and CANADA .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I will be very pleased if I can help you with all your enquiries .
It is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
The hotel is just opposite the City Hospital .
To answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
However , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
With reference to the last afternoon , if I were you I would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have any time left you ought to go to the High Street , where you could go shopping .
Please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
I look forward to meeting you at the Conference .
Without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car .
To be honest , I ca n't .
Cars are part of our daily lives .
Traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent .
But people use cars , anyway .
If we do n't use them we suffer because of them .
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four - wheel motor vehicles .
I have just received your letter .
It was very sad news about Richard Brown .
I have given a lot of information about the international student conference .
Firstly , the conference will take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
Number 45 bus goes there every 5 minutes .
It takes 25 minutes , which is convenient for us .
Secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great .
First of all , the conference 's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress .
On the last day I will go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .
I hope it will be a successful conference .
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Alice and Jane came back home .
Alice is Jane 's boyfriend .
In the morning they met and then they went to the beach .
It was nice weather and they had a beautiful time .
In the evening they were going to the disco party that was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane explained that situation and they understood her .
So they could go to the disco party .
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day .
It was a very very special day .
I am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
The group has been booked into the Harris hotel .
This hotel is very well placed .
This party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed .
In this area you can visit the central park .
It is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
I hope this information will be useful for you .
I have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to Hampton Court last year , and I think it is a great place to visit .
Hampton Court Palace is located in Hampton Court .
I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
To get to Hampton Court Palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .
From there , the trains to Hampton Court depart .
There is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
Tickets are between three and six pounds each .
Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
And also this would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
We have booked the hotel for the group .
Regarding the end - of - conference party .
Bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .
There are many historic buildings .
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour .
If any further discussion , please let me know .
We need light every day , not just at nighttime .
We need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime .
How wonderful life is since the invention of electric light .
Here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light .
There was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either .
Covered by dark , dark and dark .
This scary dark is still affecting my life now .
I never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
What a big person Einstein was , who invented light .
, that 's the quickest means of transport you can choose .
The Conference will start at 9 am on 25 June and will finish about 6 pm on the same day .
That will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlemen a dark suit .
I look forward to hearing from you .
That 's a small square where there is a very big fountain .
It was built by the architect Canovas in 1638 .
That is the fountain in which the film Dolce Vita took place .
I am sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is ill .
As our conference is due to start next week I will respond straight away .
There is some information you have asked me about .
We booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel .
When you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
At the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
That 's our conference centre .
At the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there .
As you know at the end of the conference there is a party .
At this time you and your group can refresh yourselves .
I would like to mention that because our conference that is dress - code party .
I hope you will enjoy it .
We prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet .
That will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
In our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one .
In my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
It is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is .
Just look up and you will see that huge building .
And if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town .
After that you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle .
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the New Castle .
I am sure that should be enough for a one - day trip .
That should complete an amazing day .
I am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for .
Firstly , let me explain the route from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
The party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
It must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom .
It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
The kingdom Chosun has a history of 500 years and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
There is a special monument to the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
You can try the traditional games of Korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the Royals .
Also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace .
Final Recommendation .
It is out of the question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .
There is a party on the last day of the conference .
Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
Less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
Please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11 pm .
You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
A hundred years ago people could n't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer .
These inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so .
But in my opinion if people 's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then .
Computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems .
I think it would n't be possible for us to survive without electric light .
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help by giving you some further information .
If you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to seeing you .
The place I would like to recommend is the seventeenth - century Royal Palace .
It is situated in the heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the Old Town .
There is an old market square with the magnificent statue of King Zygmunt in the centre of it .
Inside the Palace , there is a museum with a collection of antique porcelain .
There is also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Palace .
Cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach .
Admission to most places is absolutely free .
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations .
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday .
I am pleased to provide the information you need for the group .
The hotel I booked is the Palace Hotel which is in the centre of London just two blocks from Victoria station .
However I am going to make a plan for each student with all of the details and the address .
About the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon .
It will be good for your group because you do n't need to move to another place .
It is not a formal party so I think it is fine to wear something not too formal .
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in the exhibition , it is interesting .
I hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
The machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer .
I work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affects it too .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference .
First of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the Palace Hotel .
And we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of them are as convenient as getting there .
The day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed .
I suggest that you wear formal dress .
There will be some finger food and drinks .
It might be a great party for the end of the conference .
It 's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours .
It could be interesting for them .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Imagine our life without a telephone .
A telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the Internet .
If you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily .
Then it makes you happy .
A long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
They used to keep in touch by letter .
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way .
So that 's why they have invented the telephone .
Now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
This is a first - class hotel .
The easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus .
There is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
Take the bus in the direction of the centre of town .
After four stops , get off the bus .
When you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road .
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco .
Finally , on your last day , I suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town .
It takes you two hours .
Afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any more questions , write back to me .
I will write about the invention of the computer .
With the computer , our work is easier and more interesting .
Before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time .
When they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
I work in a bank and I work all day with computers .
If I order money for our bank with the computer , I can be sure that it will arrive the day after .
But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after .
I have never worked without a computer , but if we had n't any , we would find it normal .
When you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the Chtaigneroie School .
The end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
Some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
For three hours , you could visit the museum of the Red Cross , which is very interesting .
The mobile phone , a very useful invention !
When the phone without a cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
But the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a mobile phone .
Nothing will be special .
The place is the college garden .
There is no need to bother about clothes .
Everybody can wear something casual .
I say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast .
It is maybe 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without having any of them .
Certainly it would be just like mine .
Because I live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre .
To reach the nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .
I have no car , and no local bus service to use .
Even coming to Basingstoke seems like an international journey to me .
And of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life .
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity .
As you need more information , I will answer all your questions with pleasure .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference .
There are many different people 's inventions around us .
We are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed .
Some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
I think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone .
Imagine life without a phone .
You are on the road , you have a car accident .
In another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
I am sure the phone has saved many lives .
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only to chat in any time .
Thanks to the phone , it is possible to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the Earth .
Try asking who invented the wheel or the book .
Chne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and I hope to see him soon in excellent health .
We have made arrangements for you to stay at the Palace Hotel .
Therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted .
My fair Mobile Phone .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone .
Trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which I have arranged for you .
Then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home .
I think I have given you all the important information .
Nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions .
When you look around everybody has a car or motorcycle .
No matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world .
Let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life .
I love motorcycles and I do n't think I could live without them .
I have ridden a motorcycle since I was 16 years old .
Me and my brother used to go to rock concerts .
We met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were .
We organized races and trips .
We rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points .
I really enjoy riding my motorcycle .
When I ride it is only me and my motorcycle .
In front of me and behind are my friends , who I like and trust .
And around me is the countryside , which I can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc .
I am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world .
I feel very bad about the fact that I do n't know who it was .
Thank you very much for your letter .
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with the details of the conference .
The hotel that your group will be staying at is the Palace Hotel .
If it rains , you can take the 54 bus that stops in front of the college .
The end - of - conference party is designed to give a taste of many different cultures .
So you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country .
Other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress .
On the last day , I recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
It is about 1000 years old , so I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert !
In other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience , I can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from the central train station .
A light lunch will be provided .
After the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
There is no dress code for the party .
However , I suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference .
Personally I recommend the Dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical .
I hope that I have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London .
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top of the list .
The building itself looks grand and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional .
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting a building .
The newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch - screen ticket machines .
It is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation .
The old bit is rather unique and charming .
You can really imagine what it looked like in the old days .
There is another surprising section in this building .
At the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well - designed public park .
It is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public .
Finally , it is in the heart of the city and without doubt everyone will be able to find it .
Thank you for your letter dated 8 June 2001 .
I hope I can give you the information you need .
So the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .
Your group will stay at the Palace Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
A free shuttle bus takes you to the conference centre .
The end - of - conference party is in a tent and in the grounds .
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more .
I suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party .
I can not imagine how our life would be .
We live in a busy world .
It would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment .
I hope I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students .
The best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
Actually , the college is situated 500 metres from the hotel .
As you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
You do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in Europe .
It shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece .
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them .
You can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
The museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking .
I hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
Just follow Main Road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
Secondly , you have requested information about the end - of - conference party .
All the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
The location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
Last but not least I will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon .
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town .
Please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
The telephone , a blessing .
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day .
Its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .
Life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
We use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
Just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
I would like to thank you for your letter .
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown can not attend the conference .
Please give him my best wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms for all members of your group at the Palace Hotel .
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away .
Concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code .
Students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium - length skirt or dress for the girls .
There are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
I would like to suggest visiting the Ethnographic Museum which is kind of unique in the world .
Today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
The transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution .
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems .
This will be a tough challenge for this new century .
I received your letter the other day and I am writing to answer your questions .
All the students and staff will attend together in the hall .
They can play games and talk about their personal experiences .
The main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
So it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart .
I have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you .
If you are free I will show you around our college .
You can visit our newly built science lab as well .
You asked me about an interesting building to visit .
One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about British history there .
The museum looks very old , like some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library .
A lot of famous people have been to this library !
The British Hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
It shows a large number of valuable things .
Almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of British history .
Apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world .
You can go to many sections such as the Asian Hall , Egyptian Hall , European Hall and so on .
The countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
After a visit to the British Museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away !
I am writing to you to give you the information about the conference .
The hotel your group has been booked into is called the Palace Hotel .
It is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference .
You only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one .
You are asked to go through the blue door .
After entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted .
We have organized an end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
Everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
You should wear nice comfortable clothes .
This is an informal party .
I suggest you visit the old part of Zurich or go to the zoo before your departure .
I am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
If there are any more questions , please contact me .
I love baking cakes , cookies and breads .
It does n't matter what kind of mood I am in , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
But I could n't bake without an oven .
I think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven .
In addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
I am writing in reply to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so I will help you as far as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is Palace Hotel which is located close to the conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide .
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
As you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals .
Whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
However , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention .
This is electricity , invented by Edison .
What is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
In my life , I use electricity in many different ways .
It makes my life more convenient than it would be without it .
I am very glad to help you with the International Student Conference .
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious illnesses .
After the conference , there is a party in the same hotel .
This party is for the students so the clothes wo n't be so formal .
On the free day before catching our plane .
We can choose between two options for spending our free time .
One is a guided tour of the city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
Please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 38755980 .
I can live without this .
In our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
Some people can live without this , but I am sure that the world would be very different .
When we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity .
Small things but very important in our lives .
I do n't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities .
In winter when it gets dark very early , and after , I need to spend my free time at home .
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry about not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a 4-star hotel - the Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .
It is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
The end - of - conference party will be held in an Indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
It is supposed to be from 7 pm to 11 pm .
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .
As you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
I recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .
Lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably .
If you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , I will say that it is the television .
Firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all .
Secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are specially made for children , such as Learn Follow Me and Be Good to Others .
Last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
However , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
However , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
Personally , I do think televisions are the most important invention .
I got your letter this morning and I am very pleased to give you some information .
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in the downtown area .
When you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend walking .
Because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
And also it takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy it .
By the way , the end - of - conference party is a kind of farewell party .
There will be three parts .
It will not be too formal a party .
So you can wear what you like .
Everybody will enjoy themselves .
It is  12 each and there is a reduction for groups .
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime .
And have a nice time in my town and send my regards to Richard .
Moreover we can not live without them .
None of them are unimportant for us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
If you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
Electricity made us able to invent other things .
It also gave us more free time , especially for women .
It has absolutely reduced women 's housework time .
We can enjoy our night even more with lights .
If we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day .
Finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
It is also advancing more and more .
It will give us a better future !
Have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car !
Thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
Here are the answers to your questions .
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , Camberley .
It takes 5 minutes from the station .
When you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
The end - of - conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods .
I am looking forward to meeting you .
The aim of this report is to describe the Haunted Castle in Camberley .
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
The inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime .
It is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
She appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .
It is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
People said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 500 years .
I think it is worthwhile seeing it .
I received your letter this morning .
I hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference .
I have booked a hotel not far from our school .
The hotel is called the Epsom Down Hotel .
There will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
You will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
When you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
They all know where the conference is and when .
At the end of the conference , we will have a party .
The party is to let all the students get to know each other better .
The party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
I would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer .
For the afternoon free time on the last day .
There are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do .
Or they can also visit Epsom Town .
I am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to England .
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students .
This building is situated in Taipei , the capital .
The building is called the Chiang Kei - shek Memorial Hall .
The Memorial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
The statue is about 20 feet high .
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other galleries .
In these galleries there are Historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used .
These treasures are very old , even older than the history of America .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during the defeat in China .
They are all being well looked after .
there are also restaurants and modern galleries .
It only takes about five minutes if you walk .
I hope you will all have a great time in Taiwan and I hope you will enjoy the building .
I have received your letter dated the 12th of June 2001 .
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the information that I am going to give you will be satisfactory .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , St - Franois .
And the name of the street is Grand - Chne .
Afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night .
Regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe .
The aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .
It is based on my own experience .
But also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues .
Also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
First of all , the main interest of the museum is Olympic history .
You can find a lot of documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
In addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the Olympic games .
The principal reason is the cheap price .
You pay only to FRS for entry and you can stay all the time that you want .
On the other hand , if there are more than 10 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum .
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for you .
First , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel , that is one of the best in the town .
The access to the conference place is very easy .
After the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends .
Finally , I suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon .
Everybody will go there .
I hope you will have fun !
I will give you some information on Yverdon 's castle .
This building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town .
These days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it .
There are a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .
So you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holiday in Yverdon .
Thank you for your letter .
I will try my best to answer the questions .
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Star Hotel for your group .
The number 101 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the city college stop .
It would be a great chance for everyone to attend the party .
This is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
Finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping .
It is worth spending time and money on that .
I look forward to seeing you !
Nowadays people have become used to watching television programmes every day .
The TV is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone .
First of all , in my opinion , TV has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller .
You can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment .
Some TV programmes are enjoyable !
However , TV also has some disadvantages .
You might just sit in front of the TV for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family .
I think this is the worst influence in society .
So on the whole , TV still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
I am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference .
The group has been booked into the King Hotel on High Street , which is very easy to find .
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the White House .
As this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country .
If you want more information , please contact me and I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I am writing to give information on a very interesting building .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , and this building will tell you all about Wales .
The building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
And some old toilets might look awful .
But in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
Because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things .
I was really pleased to receive your letter .
Unfortunately Richard Brown is ill but I can help you as much as I can .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minutes .
The tube is line 2 which is red .
And your speech would be better for the end of conference party .
Finally , I give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
I look forward to seeing you soon .
The computer is the most important invention in our life .
Some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing .
It 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
Recently the computer has become really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only for bussiness , but also in my life .
For instance , when I want to contact my friend , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .
However , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented .
Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate .
Our students then will get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody wear casual dress .
Finally , I would recommend you and your group try shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .
I look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
It is located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre was built in 1975 .
Apart from Banks and important offices .
There are also the world stock - market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores .
It also holds an international exhibition all year round .
Recently , the African exhibition just finished .
The building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security .
It is upgraded the building every year .
The Barbican Centre is a very important building in London .
You and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building .
So you can spend your time in one go .
Thank you for your letter which arrived this morning .
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked into .
It is the Palace Hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place .
The best way to get there is to take the number 7 bus .
The bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
You will get off the bus at Royal Gardens .
You wish to know all about the end - of - conference party .
I would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
Do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them .
Finally I will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours .
Firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
Lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
The neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls .
Today nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there is one telephone at least .
There are a lot of advantages to it .
Moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help .
This could save your life !
Another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it .
Of course there is also a big disadvantage .
It is not an easy decision how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
Especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .
It is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it .
thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
The hotel is near the station and is called Grand Placad .
It 's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
The conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it .
If I find something special you will be able to visit in three hours I will call you .
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
In this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit .
The best building you must see is the cathedral .
It is the most important church in this area because of its architecture .
It is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field .
You can walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill .
I hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily .
First of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel .
Concerning the end - of - conference party .
If you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
In your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country .
There are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages .
The churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different Romanic styles .
In reply to your letter , I will try to give you some advice .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow .
At the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink .
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of Poitiers which is very beautiful .
I hope I have given you enough details .
I look forward to meeting you at the conference .
The building called in French Le Centre Pompidou is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in any other place .
What is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
In the Pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes .
In general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
These exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city .
I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
I think that the best choice for you is to take the 234 bus .
The bus stop where you should get off is called The Green Man .
It is evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
Lastly , I would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town .
I am strongly convinced that you should visit the local Science Museum .
Also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
Another advantage is their ability to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information at your fingertips .
Also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand there are some disadvantages .
For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with a virtual world which computers create .
Thank you for your recent letter .
First , I would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of Mr Brown 's illness .
I will give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
Your group is staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located directly opposite the bus station .
To go to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
You have to take the number 1 bus and get off at Black House , which is the third stop .
During it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference .
Food and beverages will be available .
After the cocktails , the Band Zero one will play their famous songs .
The clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
Before your departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to do a sightseeing tour of our city .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
In order to write this report , I spent hours in this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself .
I walked around the garden too .
The museum is located in Ouchy , opposite the Delamuraz Hotel .
It is close to the main road , and 300 metres from the station .
The building is made of white stones .
Before going inside , you have to pass through the huge garden .
There , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
I recommend you to take your swimsuit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in the pools .
When you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
They were all painted during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the cellar .
Everything in this room is connected with wine .
To learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
I particularly recommend you to visit the blue room .
Everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
According to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
To sum up , I would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
You should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
You wo n't be disappointed .