I have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .
I am proud of winning it and would like to say how thankful I am .
I am therefore writing to give you my further information .
First of all , I am a student and would like to travel in July .
Because I intend to take examination in Septenber .
So I can afford to go on holiday only in July .
Secondly , I would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents .
It will be my first time to experience to stay there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried .
The next consideration is the activities .
Actually , I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident of it .
And nowadays , I have been practicing tennis as school activity .
Therefore I would like to choose basketball and tennis .
Finally , I am considering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need .
I would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You might not believe but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much .
The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist on setting chairs just before they started practicing .
I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of stage .
Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as audience .
It was absolutely fantastic .
I had ever never sit down there .
Actually I was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory .
Anyway it was so interesting time that I did n't even feel tired after that .
Can you send me the letter back writing what happend to you recently .
At the begining I would like to thank you .
I would prefer tents because I have never stay in tents before and I am wondering how it is going to be like And among these activities I am choosing basketball and swimming .
And finally I would like to ask you some questions .
My name is Marie Bouchard , I come from Switzerland .
Two weeks ago , I spent a week in your fabulous city of London with my friend .
On Thursday , the 3rd of May 2000 , we went to your theatre to see Over the rainbow .
Unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre .
Firstly , we got our tickets in your ticket office just one hour before the show .
We thought , as usual we do in London theatre , we could have discounts as it 's written on your advertisement .
Surprisily , there were no discounds .
Thirdly , we were astonished about the actors whose we know from others musical .
We really like London , the people , the night - life but this evening was really awful .
I sent to you a copie of our tickets .
Would you pleased return our money back .
In advance , thank you .
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that I came in your theatre .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
When her best friend , Scala , asked her an idea to surprise her husband because she 's pregnant , Pat put her feets in the plate just before Scala 's husband got the surprise .
The problem is that Pat works in the Neubathin a little village .
She 's a secretary in an office .
Everybody knows everybody .
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husband too .
It was a Friday suny afternoon , Scala was really excited to tell her the new .
Despite she knew that Pat could n't keep secret but for this time she was confident maybe too .
Just after Scala told her the new , Pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell that Scala is pregnant .
He was so amazed and asked to repeat .
She just thought it would be a secret , she came really embarassed .
When he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it was n't a surprise !
Scala was hungry with Pat because she thought she can keep this kind of secret .
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement on the newspaper .
When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said it was not available .
At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best it would cost what they said .
I arrived at the theatre in time and the musical show started later than I expected so I was getting nervous because I dislike very much the impuntuality , but that was not all .
When the show started the person who was acting it was not Danny Brook and he seemed not to be an actor .
Afterwards I decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but It was closed .
So you can imagine how I felt because of the irritating evening out I had .
I am letting down because of your behaviour .
You wanted to cheat me , so I will be very pleasure if you could give my money back .
I am looking forward your answer .
I think technology has changed my life and the way of living of almost all people around the world .
First of all technology is very useful nowadays but really I dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too .
Since the creation of PCs , people - and me too , of course - are making different things .
For example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone .
I can know what is happening in differents parts of the world in a few minutes .
In my case I dislike computers .
I do n't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help us to make our lives easier .
Our life will be managed by robots and they will replace us in our jobs .
Something that I note about technology is that we are loosing green places and there are a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful .
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a two weeks travel to Camp California .
I will give you some information which helps you to know me better .
I would like to travel to camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you .
I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my travel .
About accommodation , I think tents would be great .
Basketball and swimming I think are the best for the children .
Basketball will help children to build team character and leadership .
And swimming is very good for health .
I swim really good and I am a proffesional basketball player .
I count on my experience .
And there are few questions I would like to ask .
First , what clothes should I take with me , secondly .
how much money and by cash or by travel cards .
I am looking forward to our meeting .
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favorite band .
I have got very responsible work I had to bring food for Peter Bolen and Tomas Anders .
I came into their room and give hot Cheeseburgers , Coca - Cola and ice - cream to Peter .
It was the happiest moment of my life .
He asked me was the cheeseburger hot and I answered that it was .
I was very nervous talking with him .
He told me about concert programme and gave me his photo with a sign .
I will never forget that summer day .
It was my day , I am sure about it .
Well , I think that is all .
I am writting to you about the show .
I was very disappointed after this show .
I would like to have my money back .
After your show I wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , I did n't do it .
Also , you wrote about discounts , but it 's not true !
The woman , who sold a ticket was very roud with me , actually she started swearing at me .
During the show , I was very hungry but I hoped to visit restaurant , it 's a pity , but restaurant was closed because it was too late .
And , I forget to say about actor , I did n't enjoy them .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , but any way I trusted him .
It 's happened 3 months ago , and during this months I am very upset .
I have a friend , his name Peter , he is my best friend .
One day Peter killed one boy .
They were just playing and be acsident , Peter shoot him .
I was there , I saw it .
We spoke with Pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone .
At first several days , Pat all the time was with us .
He promised to keep secret , in the next morning we had arguiment with Pat , 3 of us were shouting at each other , in shorter Pat went away from us .
So , now my best friend is prisoner .
All the time I am thinking about Peter .
He will be in the prison 5 years .
By the way I do n't see Pat about one year .
Perhaps , he moved into another town .
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me , about the two weeks at Camp California that I won .
Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off in the beginning of the month .
For the accommodation , I would prefer in tents because I like adventure and simplicity .
Concerning the available activities , firstly , I would choose climbing because I have practised it for many years .
Secondely , I am interested in discovering something that I have never done , so I would like to do sailing .
I thank you in advanced and looking forward to your reply .
The day one consisted in surrounding the festival 's place with fences .
The second day objective was to install the scene , with lights , loudspeakers and all stuff .
This job was quite hard , but we took enough time to be not exhausted !
The last day , in fact the concert day was absolutely fantastic .
The public was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncer front of the scene , to avoid the people coming on the concert floor .
Finally , the concert was exactly that the people were expected .
I hop that the next time you will come with me !
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a greatful success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet .
However , there are some points which can be improved for the next year .
To begin with , you wrote down in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance in fact their were only six countries involved .
My suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries .
Furthermore is that some concert halls were definitely to small or in other words to many people attended those concerts .
This kind of problem you could avoid when you look for big halls at the begining .
Another point where you could improve is when you show more plays and films next year .
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea with the weekend ticket was really good because it gave to the people the opportunity to attemp a whole weekend for a cheap price .
To finish this letter with I would like to give you a good idea for next year .
In my opinion it would be nice if you create an exhibition place where the guests can try to play different instruments .
I think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it .
Anyway the people where asked this question probably found out that it is n't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes to much work .
A traditional way to earn money , in the spare time , is to bring newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village .
The problems that you have here is the weather .
For example when it is rainy , because then everything get wet .
Another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help for changing the film rolls , for cleaning the toilets or to do some other small jobs .
I am writing with regard to your advertisment .
During my 2 week 's holiday I would like to attend a musical show .
It was my favorite play .
I was very hopefull that I was going to have a good time .
But there were many things which went wrong .
Because I did n't have any plan I decided to have a lunch in theatre restaurant .
The worst thing is that I could n't watch my favorite actor .
I was so dissapointted with that .
I could n't consentrate on the play any more .
Contrary to the advertisment everything was disapointing .
I regret to demand all my expenses .
I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible situation .
Technology has developed increasingly in recent years .
As a result of this our society has changed a lot .
On the one hand technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier .
On the other hand we have faced some problems , such as social and environmental problems .
Nowadays students have much more facilitis in education than before .
Although in those days the only way of learning was reading .
Than to technology we can reach any place in the world easily .
We can get some information more quickly .
Technology has a huge effect on our spare time activities as well .
Children play wit computer instead of usuall plays .
Despite the huge facilities technology has affected our lives negatively .
There has been change relatinships between people .
People are getting more and more lonely .
We have noticed the environmential damage in recent years .
While we are using technology , we should take into consideration environment .
We should n't allow to be exploited the world .
If we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully againgst the nature .
I think this festival is a great idea because it 's a possibility to see and to love the art , but , I think also there are some things thas could be changed .
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world .
This choice does n't give many artists the possibility to expresse themself .
Some concert halls were too small and often people could n't see the performances .
There were many events that I think there were a few plays and films .
Maybe it would be better put more of them in the programme because they like so much to young people .
The very about young people , the choice to offer a reasonably - priced weekend ticket is a excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art .
I hope that my opinion can help you to set fro the next year a great internation arts festival alone to young people .
Thank you and greetings .
I think a good way to get money it 's work in a fast - food .
Maybe the first impression is n't positive but from my personal experience , I can say that this kind of job is right for get some money .
I worked eight hours every day but in every fast - food you can work part - time , four , three , six hours every day .
It depends on what you need .
This kind of job is perfect for the young people who want get money and in the meantime they have to study .
If you work in a fast - food you can work in the afternoon , or during the night and so you have time for yourself .
In the staff you can also find young people and getting fun with them during the work .
If you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that .
I am writing to complain about a musical show on 10 of June , and I was very disappinted .
I was promised that the starring was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw just other starring that was completely difference from your brochar .
To make the matter worse , I was travelling to London to see this famous starring but I did n't see any shows of them .
It make me a bit angry .
More than that , when I bought the ticket I did n't get any discounts .
I had to pay full prise .
I was promised that after show I could go to theatre restaurant but due to started late we aslo finished late therefore , when I went to the restaurant they were deffinately closed .
I was very hungry and tired .
You said that it was a perfect evening out but it was n't like that .
I would like to refund some money back .
I would like you to give my money back as soon as possible .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I have a really good , freind , Pat who I was trusted and counted on her .
I have know her for five years .
and we were love each other very much .
One day , I was falling in love with closest freind .
I went out with him sometimes and we were happy .
My boy freind was very handsome , clever and very polite .
We were stedy at the same class at school and he also knowed Pat as well .
Personally , I wanted to keep serets because I afraid that we might have splited up .
And I would like to make sure that he was relly love me .
My boy freind told me that he wanted to surprise his freind in his class when the times comes .
To be honest , I wanted to share this felling to someone else but I needed to keep very secret .
I felt unhappy sometimes .
One day I decided to tell my best freind - Pat who I realio - on her .
I told her everything abat my boyfreind and when we were met each other and evertauly we were falling in love .
After I told her I felt my feeling had been released and I was happy .
I also told her to keep very secret did n't tell anyone in the class .
On Monday morning , I walked into the class and all of my freind was shouting at me and called my name and my boyfreind .
I was absolutely ambaressed and I wanted to ran out of the class .
I felt very angry to Pat and I should n't have told her about my boy friend .
I felt regret but too late it was n't secret any more now .
I recived your letter and I am very excited about the camp .
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it 's different from where I sleep every night so I would apreciate it if there are still tents available .
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take money with me .
Thanks for your attentions .
Hello girl how are you doing this days .
I am great especially last weekend in the concert of Backstreet Boys .
They were giving two concerts one in Friday and the other one in Saturday they invited me to go on friday .
The next second I was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with The Backstreet Boys .
I had a great time that day .
Well I have to go now .
Hope to hear from you later on .
I am writing to complain about your product .
I would like you to back my money because that was not same as your advertisement .
I was planning to spend my holiday in London when I found your advertisement .
In the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , price discount and equipment .
However , when I went to the theatre , you did n't anything not only discount but also apporogize us for dalay of starting musical .
In addition different actor appeared on the stage and I could n't have dinner about the musical because the restrant had been closed .
It made me so dissapoint and angry .
You should back my money immedeastry because that night was far from parfect .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He always tried to say nothing and did .
But everyone always noticed he had secrets from his face .
Whenever he has secrets , his nose moves quickly .
He had not liked this habit and had thought it was wrost of him until he solved a big crime .
When all money had gone from a bank , nobady there except Pat .
Bank robbers said him if Pat told the fact somebody they killed him .
Pat did n't say anything .
But his nose moved quickly when police showed a picture of bank robbers .
Then police realized who were bank robbers and arested them .
Although bank robbers complained to Pat , he said nothing to anybody .
Thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all money were backed to the bank .
The town became peace again .
And according to the question of wich type of accommodation I prefer , I choose a log cabin , because I think that the tent is more messy , so I would appreciate if you give me the cabin .
And my answer to the question of wich activities I would like to choose , well I choose swimming cause is my daily excercise and surfing .
Oh , for last I just would like to ask you how many clothes , and money I have to bring with me .
And well Mrs Helen I would really apprecciatte if you send me back a letter with all the answers of my question , anyway .
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e - mail , as normal mail .
I hope you keep in great form , like you were the last time I saw you , how is your family , I hope everyone is ok .
I am really happy for receive your congratulations .
Was very exciting moment and very nice competition .
And now to be the first winner .
In answer at your letter .
And for the second question .
But anyway I like more to have the possibilities for practice climbing and surfing .
Meanwhile , these activities are develop .
Can you said me if is necessary to bring special clothes , I refer for instance if I practice surfing I need water suit .
I am really appreciate if you can answer me these doubt and saying again .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
I think this topic is so exciting in the antropological and psicological point of view , because we can studie the reaction before , during and after to shopping .
People in general have a compulsory actitud for shopping in my opinion .
For the men and women is important the appearance and they spent a lot of money in buy clothes , cosmetic , accesories , jewels etc .
And the other they choose sometimes just for the label .
We know is more easy for these busy life .
In the other hand the facilities for access to mall center is not good .
The area for parking , space for play grown to the children or bus station near the mall is not really appropiate .
Otherwise shopping will be more enjoyable .
I think in the nearly future we need to decide with the goverment .
which is special place in the town we lefet just for comerical area , but of course with all the facilities to get there like a big supermarket , and mall centre in different areas of the city .
I am writing to complain about the musical show Over the Rainbow , that I went to see on the 16th of June .
Firstly , the actor suppossed to be Danny Brook , but he was not , it was another actor , who I have never seen before , so , as you can imagen , I was very disappointed .
Now , about the tickets , the were different prices but there were not discounts , and because of this , many people could not see the show , especially students .
Finally , when the musical show finished , and I have to say , a bit late , I went to the theatre 's restaurant to eat something but this place was closed because the chef had already gone .
At is explain it was not the perfect evening that I expected to have and I would like to have my money back because of the reasons that I mentioned before .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Maria was speechless , it was the first time that she did n't know what to do , so she decided to stop talking to Pat .
After 3 weeks , Maria got ill so she was not available to go to school .
Some friends phoned her everyday , except Pat , the only friend that Maria really loved , despite that , she was not sad .
One day , when Maria was seating in her bedroom , someone knock the door , it was Manuel , he was worried for her .
First of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderfull trip with an interesting program .
We are all extremely excited especially because of the trip to Greenwich , the town we were always interested in .
However , there are may other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London .
For example , in the time of our visit there is going to be The London Fashion and Leisure Show .
It is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage on .
This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have authograps from .
We hope changing the excursion program a little will not cause any problems .
Our suggestion is to visit Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday .
Because the fashion show lasts a whole day long .
We are ready to give up our shopping and Free time .
We are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request .
Famous people are living creatures .
They breathe , eat , feel and beside that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else .
Nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even or just a little privacy .
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for authopraps .
The biggest commercial gain in history I believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way .
On the other hand , they must have done something to become famous .
It may in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately contected to it .
To sum up , I believe that everyone has the right to keep privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserve to have a private life .
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Fesival I attended last weekend .
I believe that the event was good , however I feel that the festival can be improved next year .
I do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to go to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet other personalities .
Secondly I belive you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy concerts because some concert halls were too small .
I would be very thankful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year .
Last but not least I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separatelly .
I hope you find my opinion useful .
Once again congratulations on the Festival .
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time .
One of the most common examples is baby- sitting taking care of little children is easy and it does n't require special skills , all you need is a lot of patience .
If looking after children does n't fit you , you can try with pets .
Lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk .
So if you like animals this is your chance to earn money and have fun at the same time .
Another option is to wash your neighbour 's car .
In this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but do n't worry , soap is not very expensive .
the most important thing is that you wisely choose the most suitable work for you , according to the things you like to do .
Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you provided .
It was very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class would enjoy .
However , our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and would all wish to attend .
It will be held at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on the 14th March .
The show will be about all the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
We would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students .
The whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a change to go .
I have a few suggestion on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .
We could do as planned for Monday and move going to the Science Museum from Tuesday to Wednesday afternoon .
We would have to forgo the shopping as we might not have enough time and the exchange rate might be too high for us to do much shopping .
We can however go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show .
Lastly , I would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show .
I hope you would consider this matter .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Everyday , something changes and we become more modern companies use computers instead of books , dentist use modernized electrical item instead of just a plier , even homes are effected .
No , in the future , the present will be the past and these things now new to use will be old , outdated and changed .
I see a very different home for us in the future .
Most things will be computerised .
We might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys .
We an on and off lights with touch pads and remote controllers .
We might even be able to open the door without getting out from the living room .
Cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door .
Although all that may change our houses may be still the same .
The rooms and size should remain as it was and the living rooms and all may still be decorated in the same style .
We might still favour that old carpet and couch .
The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the amount of rooms should not change too .
In the future , every child might have a laptop .
Never have to leave the house or wake up so early .
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we are using .
We might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something other with the same purpose .
Our homes will still be the same in terms of the kitchen , it will still be filled with vegetables and meat .
This is because people wo n't miss the great taste of food although it could be subsituted to a vitamin pill or two .
Lastly , I think that all this changes wo n't really be noticed as we change it daily and slowly instead abruptedly .
People will be able to adjust and change with the times .
On behalf of our class I would like to give you some information about the London Fashion and Leisure show , that we saw advertised and we are interested indeed .
In addition we would like to thank you about the programme .
Firstly , I would like to give you some details about this show .
Secondly , I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly what does it include .
But , if there is a problem that the show is on Tuesday afternoon , the same hour with shopping , I suggest having the shopping on Wednesday afternoon that we will not have anything to do !
Some people think that to be a famous person is very excuiting thing , that all the time this makes you feel completely and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well .
I believe , that if somebody wants the fame and the glory must be tottally sure about the results .
Another succesfull carreer such as , film stars must also be balanced .
If somebody wants to be famous of cource must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her .
But I think that the are limits .
Everybody deserve to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer .
It does n't matter what kind of carreer or job you are follow .
You must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself .
And finally the journalists the should know how to respect the private life of everyone and not trying to make money for a living by using the reputation of the famous people .
I think that this programme has a good organisation , as you know , due to we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points .
In this way , we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and the , we can go to the show .
Please let me know if you are agree with us !
Oh I forgot about it !
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Nowadays , we have all kind of instruments to washing up the dishes , to cook to be more comfortable , for example the TV , the video recorder , etc .
In conclusion , I strongly believe that the the house of the future will be the house of a new mindness it will be a very positiu point for opening our lifes .
So , we have the future in our hands !
Dear Principal , First of all , we would like to thank you for good programme which provides us 3 days stay in London .
It contains a wide range of activities for example , sightseeing , river trip , visiting science museum and gallery , shopping .
It is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment .
However , we have found an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show , which will be held at Central Exhibition Hall on 14th of March .
The advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles etc .
Moreover , students are allowed to admit for free .
It would be grateful if you give a little change in programme so that we are able to attend the show .
It seems to be good to change the programme of 14th into the London Fashion and Leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has considerably been changed by rapdily developing mordern technology .
To begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house .
50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning woods to warm a room up and make food .
Since the eletric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their life have been far easier than before .
Today , however , people do not need to spend many times on making food , washing up , or even on turning on an off the light .
Machines , such as a dish washer , laundry machine and remote controller help us jut to relax or do a little work necessary .
From my point of view , people 's home in the future will be controlled by a computer which is devised in every machine , TV , cooker and the light , connecting to the owner .
On the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a family .
In spite of the computer , children will need food their mothers make and love expressed not by a computer , but by parents themselves .
Computer might know better than human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .
I would like to travel in July because during that period I will be free from work , my current post finishes at the end of June but I will start another job at the beginning of August .
I would prefer to stay in tents rather than in log cabins , because it would be a new experience for me and I would like to try something different .
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen to do Tennis and Swimming .
I am good at playing Tennis and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be a useful training for me .
Moreover I would like to know what kind of clothes are the best for living in the camp and if I need to bring with me a large amount of money .
I want to thank you for this prize , let me know if you need further information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
My work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking the people to their seats .
Anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems .
Now I have to go , write soon and let me know what you have been doing .
I only can travel on July because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it 's the mounth he can give me , so I hope it is n't a problem for you .
To spend the two weeks I would prefer to live in tents , that 's in my opinion a way to be nearer the enviroment and the animals , although I do n't mind living in log cabins .
In spite of liking all the sports you wrote in your letter I am only good at climbing and sailing , because I am used to practise them with my father since I was a child .
Thank you very much for the prize .
In that way shopping can be as funny as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future .
To sum up , all you make in small cuantities is good and funny , but do n't encrease them if you do n't want to feel uncomfortable .
Thank you for your letter .
So if I could travel in July , and coming back before 6th of August , that would be great .
I would prefer living in tents to log cabins .
I have never had any experience to live in a tent , so I would like to give it a go .
I think I will enjoy myself in a tent .
I love swimming , but I am not any good at swimming .
I really wanted to learn how to swim .
I was wondering if there is a coach could give us a lesson during the Camp .
I am glad I had taken a part in a few competitions , and I was so proud of our basketball team .
After that , I had to help people who had a ticket but ca n't find their seat .
During the concert , I did n't have a lot to do , so I had chance to see most of the performance , that was excellent .
I was excited that I had a closer look at so many famous pop stars .
During break time I did give a lots of direction to people who ca n't find toilet , and information such as where they could have a cup of coffee .
That was bit boring , but it was part of my job .
Write to you next time .
I am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the Competition .
I am very looking forward to going to California and I would like to go in July , because I am going to have my summer holidays in that month .
About accommodation , I would prefer log cabins , because I have a problem in my back .
Therefore , I need to sleep in a bed .
Also tents are not fairly comfortable .
As far as camp activities concerned , I have been doing windsurfing for 5 years , for that reason , I am fairly interested in sailing .
On the other hand , I keen on painting , however , I have never painted in my life , so I would like to try it .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me an address .
I looked at him and I realised that this person was David Bowie .
I could n't believe it .
He was trying to speak in Spanish , but his accent was terrible .
So , I started to speak in English with him .
I explained to him where was the street that he was looking for and we carried out with the conversation for a while .
I thought he was very rude , but I was wrong , he is n't arrogant at all and he looks very simply .
I liked my experience with him and I think the best part was when he gave me his e - mail address .
Well my friend , I have to go , because I got an appoinment with the Dentist .
Write me soon and take care .
I felt how luck I was .
I am studying Economics and I am very busy nowadays .
My exams will have finished at the end of June .
I will only be able to set off in July and I also will give my thesis to my teacher in August .
This holiday will help me to think and prepare it .
Basically , I do n't like staying in a small tent .
I used to climb mountains and am good at climbing .
I am fond of swimming but unfortunately I am not a good swimmer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I do apologise for this .
Last month I helped the service crew at a pop concert .
It was unbelievable and tiring as well .
I saw all the pop bands and singers .
I heard them talking behind the stage .
They signed my diary and took a photo with me .
Being a security guard was the hardest task .
Carrying big speakers place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laugh .
Believe it or not I put make up on one famous singer 's face .
I was just walking down by dressing room manager said that if I could help them .
I could n't believe my eyes .
I was in her room and helping her .
Especially I liked that time .
I advise you to do something like that .
I look forward to hearing from you .
They had invited us and we wanted them to see us stunningly beautiful .
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsie .
I was in the Plaza Espagna in Florence without a penny !
My friends lent me some money , but it was n't more than 120 pounds .
I had to buy my dress , it 's accesories and besides clothes and souvenirs !
I could n't really do much , so I used the money I had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs .
I felt really bad seeing my friends buy the latest fashion while the only thing I could do was tell them how great their clothes were and of course window - shop .
First of all , we happy to won the first prize on your competition .
Thank you for choosen our ticket at the final .
We like to go on July , because my wife Catrin just have holidays next month .
We prefer the last two weeks on July .
Is there a possibility to stay in a log cabin .
It would be great if we can choosen swimming and Golf .
My wife Catrin is a local master on swimming race .
In Golf , we are both total beginners .
We have no experience but we like to learn this game .
Finally , we like to know , when you will send us the airline - tickets and the tripbrochure .
Moreover , what do think how much pocketmoney we will spent on this trip .
We looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Thank you very much for your last lovely letter .
We were mainly on work for all the lights at this great concert .
Its sounds easy , just for the light .
In addition , it was a nine days hard work to mount all the different spot and houndreds of Coblights on the right place .
Finally , we had worked the hohl night befor the concert .
We had to adjust the laser extremly on the correct position .
We spent hours till it was good enough for the Technical - manger .
Moreover , the band was exhausted about this great laser show at the end .
For me was this aventure one of the Best .
It shows , when all member of a group work hard together , you can reach a lot .
With this letter I want to show you some problems I had last week in your theatre with your show .
First of all , I want to introduce myself .
I was very upset because the show had many problems .
First the actor was changed and his performance was very poor and disappointing .
Then , the show began 45 minutes later , so we had to wait very long .
The advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not .
At the end you said it will be a Restaurant , but it was closed , so we could n't eat anything untill we got home .
I do n't know if technology has totally changed my life , because I was born with it and I have learned it since I was a little boy .
For example , I was born knowing the man has stepped on the moon .
There are some machines which have helped in my development , and others which help me to make my life easier .
The computer for example makes communication much easier and faster then in past time , when everything was send by common mail , and it took weeks till it got the right place .
There are other machines which are bad for the environment .
Many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it before .
Technology has to move further so it can solve problems as pollution , so we can live better and longer .
I am very surprised for have received your letter in which you explained to me that I have won prize in your competition .
After that , I would like to say Thanks , I never have won any price at all .
Now , I will answer your requests .
In reference about the date of the travel , I would like to travel in July because at the moment I am working at the University and I only have July to take my holidays .
I used to go to campings .
About camp activities I would prefer to do basketball and photography .
I have choosen these activities because actually I am playing with university team , and photography is my favoorate hobby .
I have recently bought a new camera .
Finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp .
I am writen to you telling about my experience at a pop concert .
It began when ours common friends Martha , ofered me to be a organization member at the concert , obviously I accepted .
Now I can tell you that it was an amaizing challange for me because I never did anything like that .
My duties like a organization member were diferent , the firts day I had to pick the bands up at the airport , for it I hired a van .
The following day I was the person who provide the meals for all the organization staff and besides every day I was at the back - stage supporting the catering staff .
Particularly I am pleased to had know the most popular pop stars in the world .
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show Over the Rainbow .
I have recently been in London for spending a week 's holiday .
As I am an enthusiasmic of musicals I went to see this musical show .
I am very disappointed because the things that were writen on the advertisment were not really true .
It was writen that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
Danny Brook is one of my favorite actors and there was playing another one .
I felt abosolutly disapointed .
It was writen too that there were discounts available and I asked for them and they said me that they were n't allow to do any discount .
After the show me and my friends wanted to have a drink and the theatre restaurant was closed because there were n't enough drinks .
As you say in your advertisment it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Modern technology has changed a lot our daily life .
On one hand nowadays if we have to travel to Paris and return in the same day you can take a plane without any problem .
In the past it was impossible to go to Paris from Barcelona and come back in one day .
Another advantage is that if you go on an excursion and you take your mobile phone , if you get lost somebody could find you .
I think that the most important modern technology in these days is internet .
To sum up modern technology has change a lot our daily life and this is going to increase .
It will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make up , hairstyles and we can speak to English people and make new friends .
So we would like to suggest you how the programme could be changed .
Please let us know , as soon as you make your decission .
With best wishes , your student .
Thank you very much for your letter , I was glad to get it and know a lot of news about you .
First of all I want to congratulate your cousin with fifteenth birthday and with all the best .
I hope that it will be good holiday for her , her family and friends .
Now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice you about it , I do n't know your cousin very well so I do n't know what she prefers reading .
But when I was fifteen my favourite book Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
So I can recommended you to present this book , because it is very interesting , amuse , sometimes dramatic and mystery book .
So I hope I could help you .
Write me as soon as you can .
I have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply .
First of all , I am available to travel in July from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during this month .
Secondly , if you do n't mind , I would prefer to sleep in a tent .
Although it is not very comfortable , I like camping very much .
Thirdly , I am very interested in swimming and also climbing .
I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on .
I am very good at swimming as well because I practise this sport every week in my city .
Finally , could you tell me what I need to dress and also how much money I will spend on .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I have asked to write a composition regarding the questionit is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free cabin and waste of time putting on some clothes and in the end they are not the right size .
Secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in few minutes and as soon as you can regret to buy all these clothes , which you do n't really need .
However , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them .
In my opinion , doing shopping bring me a lot of satisfaction especially I am depressed , nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet .
I think you should check the information before print it !
And nobody told me why !
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been changed and the new one was n't good at all .
I could n't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for reparations .
Please answer my letter as soon as possible .
I did n't have a computer until I was eight .
Then my brother and I started to develop a new ability .
In that time I used the computer only to play with its video games .
When I was thirteen I discovered a completely different use for my computer .
It became scencial to do my homework .
And years later it enabled me to get a very good job .
One day my mother got a terrible disease .
She had to be operated on and my family and I were very scared .
But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he answered us that the operation was a very simple one .
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she would n't survive .
The modern technology is better now than what it used to be .
Now I would like to have your point of view .
It 's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities .
As I told you in my last letter , last month I worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in Barcelona .
It was such a great experience !
Basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not an easy work because , as you can imagine , it 's not exactly light stuff .
But the most exciting part was meeting the band , mainly the singer and the drummer who are very nice and also good - looking .
Anyway , I had lot of fun working for them .
I hope you write again soon .
I am very happy to win this prize and I am going to give you some information from me that you need to make me have a good time at Camp California .
I would like to know only in July because I have set my holidays this month since last January .
I want if it is possible a log cabins like accommodation because I have been suffering from my back since my childhood , therefore I need a confortable accommodation .
I will be pleased to swim and paint when I am at the camp .
I selected swimming because it is a cure against my backace and I have not practiced since I started my new job five years ago .
I also choosed painting because I have never done before , I would like to learn and moreover I want to do a calm activity .
Sometimes , they are happy to do shopping .
Therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but it is not always the case .
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to offer some thing to someone .
In fact you try to get a present to make receive happy .
Shopping is also good , when you know what you want .
For example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sport shop but if you do n't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops .
In the opposite , shopping can be disenjoyable .
Shopping is boring if you go with people too fussy .
Shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops .
It is stupid , they do not have any goal .
They waste their time .
To conclude , I agree with shopping is not always enjoyable .
Even if I like to do shopping with some people and kind of shops I will kill myself because I waste my time .
The star , the actor Danny Brook , there was n't in the musical show but there was an other actor , with my great disappoint .
I hope in your answer and in your explanation about this .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
That might be a secret for Francis - and they decided the program and the present , a new gold watch .
Peter and Sue asked to Francis some help for their exam 's subjets and Francis , for to help them , was very busy all the week .
The last day all the friends went to Pat 's home with food , musical instruments , tape recorder .
Pat was very excited about this .
In the night Francis was invited to the party , at Pat 's home .
The Francis 's secret was discovered !
Now all the Pat 's friend do n't tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .
I went to your show called Over The Rainbow and I was really disappointing in many points .
Firstly , you spoke about two actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , instead of them we had two others and they were really bad .
So I was really surprised .
In addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late .
It was boring for everybody .
How could we appreciate the show properly .
Moreover , in your advert you spoke about discounts available but it was not the case .
No discounts were available .
Then you offered people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there is no staff to welcome the people .
You offered something impossible to do .
I did not have a good time for all of this reasons and I would like you to give my money back .
I hope your understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
The nightmare started at this time .
I though she was a really good friend but I made a mistake .
She could n't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy I was in love with .
She did n't tell me yet but when I came in class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well .
I looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class .
I followed her and caught her to push her on the ground .
I was ready to fight but somebody stopped me .
I could n't go back to the class so I went home .
My Mum was at home and I told her all the story .
She said that I had to be strong and did n't care about them .
So I went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stopped because he loved me and wanted to be with me .
At this time all the girls became jealous and stopped to laugh .
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thanks for organising a school trip to London .
We have seen the programme list and we all think it will be enjoyable .
Especially to the science museum because we all doing science in school .
So , it would be greatful if you can give us this opportunity to watch the show .
We also can suggest how the originally programme can be changed .
We will have free time on Wednesday afternoon .
So we can do shopping instead .
We are all looking forward for you answer .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Because there was a man had a serious car accident and I was walking pass him .
Nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes .
I was struggling because I knew if I did n't help him , he would die in a short time .
I decided to do something to this man , my first move was to check was there any solid or liquid which could blocked his breathe .
And checking his body condition .
After that I turned on the car light in order to tell the passing cars .
I ran back home for help .
I phoned to police And told the whole story .
The strange thing happened to me , when I got back to that man .
The car and the man were not there anymore .
Oh , sorry they were not in this road , they were in the next road .
I just receive your letter with the good news .
I am very happy for winning the first prize in your competition and I am glad to tell you that I am planning to go but I can only travel on July because I have to work until the end of June .
For the accommodation I would like to have log cabins rather than tents because two weeks is quite a long time and I think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy .
I enjoy swimming and singing and I would like to join others in these activities .
I am an average swimmer and as a singer I am not a start but it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers .
Can you please give me some recomendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to make my budget .
Thank you for these wonderful two weeks at Camp California .
In my opinion shopping sometimes is really boring specially when you buy at the supermarkets almost all the time the same things like cleaning products and the ingredients for every day food .
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to make a present for someone in my family .
I start thinking what she or he prefer and I try my best buying something apropiate does n't matter how much money does it cost .
I am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show I saw at your theatre .
First of all , there was written in the advertisement for the show , that there would be Danny Brook as main actor , but a different actor played in the show .
The show started forty - five minutes later and this really disappointed me .
Besides , when I bought the ticket , I found out there was not discounts for ticket , while you wrote the contrary .
Moreover , I could not go to the theatre restaurant because , by the time the show had finished , it had already closed .
Definetely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate your if it was possible to have my money back .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
She was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit .
This was her only fault .
She had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her .
That was why she decide to change her behaviour .
The secret was about a surprise - party for her bestfriend 's birthday .
As soon as the arrangement for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her bestfriend .
But , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used not to tell secrets any more .
The day of the party arrived and Pat succeeded in keeping the secret .
All her friends were amazed at her change and started trusting her at once .
Pleas apologise me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very .
I thought that Dany Brook who is my favorite actor play in that show .
And I was really disappointed when I saw Jeremy Brook on the stage .
Other thing was that there was no discounts available , and that the restaurant which I wanted to visit after the show was closed because of the main cooker sikness .
I would be very grateful if I could get my money back .
That evening which should be my perfect evening out , was in fact very tireing and boring .
Apologise me for disturb .
I am looking forward for answer !
It started a week before that day .
Pat found the great place for the party called Blue Box .
My friend and I made a perfect decoration with ballons and other party stuff .
Everyone told us it was breath taking .
She entered the room , and everyone shouted HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR !
She was so touched that we started to cry .
Enyway the disco was great , music also .
Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever get !
I must say that International Arts Festival is really great idea .
And your last festival was very intresting too .
But also there are some notes that you should improve in the next year 's festival to make it absolutelly wonderful .
First of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there are people only from six countries .
I think it can make your festival more popular .
Jazz , rock and classical concerts are amazing , but I think that some concert halls are too small , so not everybody can come .
Your dance shows are very beautiful , art exhibitions is something original and exciting .
And also it is very interesting to talk with writers .
I hope you will continue to making your festivals .
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting .
The question you asked me in it is very original too .
I must say that rules are n't same in schools of our country .
Every school has it 's own rules .
I think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students .
We are all very friendly in our class and we help to each other when we have a problem .
So the main rule in our school is regarding theachers .
My parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right .
I hope everything is good in your family and your school .
I would like to travel in July to California .
The reason is that we have long holidays at school on this time .
I have choosen the activities surfing and photography .
Most of the time is shopping fun and enjoyable .
There are a lot of reasons that could be awful to go shopping .
Even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find .
I had once this problem .
I was looking for a special fruit .
The sales assistants in the stores are n't so nice and helpful .
Sometimes they give me a bad feeling as , , customer treat with order .
He wanted everything what his eyes saw .
All the stuff for children are in the same level as they have their eyes .
Afterwards , I felt tired and unsatisfy the store .
The shops have bad opening times .
Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing about I dreamed a lot .
You asked me few questions in your letter .
I would like to answer .
The only one term for me to visit you is July .
I can come to USA on July becouse on August I will be working with my father .
We are building a new house for our family .
What about accommodation , I prefer tents to log cabins .
Tent will be more cooler to sleep then the cabin .
You offer a great veriety of activities .
My best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball .
I am a life guard and I could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer .
Basketball is the game which I love .
Shoping is not always enjoyable .
Ten or fifteen years ago we had in Poland empty shelves in shops .
We could only buy things from Russia .
People alwas queued for stuff from west .
If you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night .
It was the worst side of shopping in Poland couple years ago .
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market lots of privete shops , markets and super - markets .
We can buy everything what about we imagine .
Polish super market are not Polish origin shops .
They are imported from enother Western Europe country .
I apprieciate this shops for lots of products , cheep prices end big spaces .
But the problem is when I want to buy only one thing , for example bread .
On Friedy evening and at on the weekdays each supermarkets are crowded .
They are filled by people who went buy everything .
I do not like crowded places .
This is the reason why I do not like shopping .
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate I have won first prize in your competion .
Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know further information about travel and accomodation .
I would like to travel in July because in June I am going to take some exams at University and at the moment I do not know the exact date .
I can tell you I am only free in July .
I would prefer an accomodation in log cabins because I am not keen on tents and I think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent .
As regard as the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to practise painting and photography .
I am a painter in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals .
I like also taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips .
So when I go back home I can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting .
I would like also to know how much money I can bring .
In the first I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do so in a hurry or for duty .
If you have to run from one shop to another and always looking at the watch , doing shopping is a terrible activity .
On the other hand if you can walk without anytime problem with a good friend I think that shopping is very enjoyable .
For istance , it is funny enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t - shirt although you do not buy anything .
To sum up I enjoy wasting money and buying useful things or not .
I often like getting gifts for my relatives and friends .
In my opinion , shopping is relaxing above all on Saturdays when you have finished a work week and you are expecting a wonderful Sunday .
Thanks you very much for your recent letter .
As your questions , I am free to travel only on July because I will having my holiday after finished the exams .
And , I have to returned to my university by August .
I prefer to stay in log cabin rather than in tent because I am not used to with narrow space and feel more comfortable with a place like bedroom .
Furthermore , I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fasinative in art and enjoyed to take a photograph of wildlife .
Also , please advice for any necessary things to prepare and bring .
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Last month , I was partly in the concert teams .
It was a big one that I never thougth and I could n't imagine how amazing was it .
I did n't know what is my responsible until they called me to trained .
You might understand how excited I was .
I am a foreign student who is on holidays here .
I am going to stay here a week .
I went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible .
I would like to explain you my experience because I want you to give my money back .
The last Monday , I went to the theatre with two friends .
We arrived on time but the musical show was delayed untill half - pass eight .
Moreover , we had n't any disscount for beeing students .
On the other hand , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us .
When there was a restful we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late .
We could n't have a drink .
Well I believe that it was a bad day but I would like you to give my money back because on the advertisement there was some things that we had n't in the theatre .
Finally , it would be grateful if you could answer me soon .
Our lives are changing .
When I was a child I had different entertainments that the actually children had n't .
We could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy without a computer .
We had n't so many machines than they have .
The technology is growing and growing .
If you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want .
It 's very important but some times it is a wrong thing because the children can see it too .
Moreover you can change the TV programme without getting up .
We can find information about the weather , sports on our TV - text .
On the other hand , the science is changing .
We have more researchers than some years ago and we will be able to find the solution of lots of problems .
Actually , we can cure illness which were very dangerous before .
The new technology is changing our lives .
I spent two days there , and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been at .
I also hope , that the festival could be even better next year .
It would explain , why some concert halls were simply too small - you just could n't afford bigger ones .
On the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose impressed me most .
I thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year .
I also thank you for the excellent idea of one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things I was interested in .
My suggestion for next year 's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer !
Thank you for your last letter - I was very pleased to receive it .
We do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal .
We do n't have to wear any special uniforms on signs of our school .
We are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course !
In winters we are to change our shoes .
It may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school 's floors is not a nice sight , so we change our schoes without questioning that rule .
I am also used to write exams which are in polish schools very often .
At home I do n't have many rules either .
I write to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the travel that I have won in your competition .
Also , in Augost I will be studying a summer English course .
In addition , I would prefer to stay in a tent .
Because I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and every days comforts , in these two weeks .
Basketball I have been playing in a team , of my town for ten years .
Also Tennis is my favourite hobby and I play twice every week with my friends .
Finally , I would be grateful to you , if you told me about clothes and money .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
First of all , I think that I help them .
Every day of that month I was trying to advertise this concert .
I was going to markets to schools and I was giving information when and where the group was going to appear as well as where can they buy or book a ticket for this concert .
I know , It was difficult and tired but I enjoyed a lot .
Firstly , it was a good break from the routine .
Because I did it for first time .
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw , that the concert had succesed and every day was croweded .
Because I believed that this was a result which came with my help .
I would like to do again it in the future .
It was a fantastic experience .
All students are very pleased and we are looking forward to go to London .
London is the place to be when always something happening .
We all very happy with your programme , especially we like the idea of sightseeing by our and National Art Gallery .
We think is the great opportunity to see latest fashion , find about make up and hairstyles .
According to your programme we have the science Museum which is in the morning and then shopping .
All students will be very greatful .
I think for all of us home is something which is a very important .
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come frome .
Anyway home is always the place to go because is ours we feel save and comfortable .
After hard work we want to go home to have our corner where we are all able to rest and relax .
I think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep .
We live in the very busy world !
Working long hours , doing plenty of activieties , going out , going on holidays .
We even do n't spend time with families .
Propably in the future we might be to busy to go to our own home and spend some time there .
Some of us have been living in one house since they were born .
I am writing to complain about the musical show .
Over the Rainbow , which you advertised .
I saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th June .
However , I was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement .
First of all , I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his play .
He did not play in the evening .
We waited for ages because we had not been informed .
In addition , although you advertised the discounts tickets available , they do not sale them any more according to your staff .
Finally , we went to the restaurant in your theater after the show .
It was closed because of the staff trainning .
Unless I hear from you within ten days , I shall have to take legal advice on the matter .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
It is believed that our life style has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machine etc .
Especially for families .
I have found very expensive to buy them but there are number of advantages .
First of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full time and look after my children .
It is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working .
Before buying my dishwasher I asked my son to wash them .
He complained about a lot .
Secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to have information , for example traveling .
However my family 's members do less communicate with each other than we used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games .
In my opinion , the morden technology make our life style combinient .
It is very good for us but I think we should think about more carefully when we buy something for our children .
During the show I was expected to meet Danny Brook who is my favourite actor and Tina Truelove .
There are Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them .
It really disappointed me .
After finishing the show I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed .
It was a sign in front of the restaurant sorry we closed because special reasons and I was wondering what was the reasons for that .
Finally I would like to have refund for my ticket back because it was horrible evening .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets that why our great plan for horiday were not be real .
It happened in last summer we planed to go on holiday in the Southen part of Thailand by motorbike but we could n't tell our parents because they would n't allow us to go .
The sun was shining and wind were breezing like we had imaged .
Whlile I was standing on the beach suddenly I heard someone called my name and said that I had to go home , that right , she is my mum .
She told me Pat had phoned her while we were going and my mum followed us because it was so dangerous to went by bicycle .
Eventhrough we could spend our holiday there but with my mum and I just found that it was fantasy time which I had never though about it .
From now on I do n't want to tell something secrets to Pat because she always tell someone else but she still my best friend .
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yestarday .
At the beginning I would like to answer questions you asked me in your letter .
As I was requested I should choose two activities from the list .
So I decided to choose climbing and photography .
These two are easy to connect , I could climb and make pictures at the same time .
I am very keen on photography .
Climbing , in contrast , is something I started few months ago , so I have not gained any success in this sport .
But you could give me a chance to get more familier with it .
I would like to ask about clothes .
I want to thank you ones more for taking me into consideration in your competition .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking throug shelves and not finding that in the end .
You had to be disappointed .
There is a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping .
You might spend too much money and buy something you do n't really need .
You could also buy something which later turns out to be out of order .
So you have to complain about it .
Very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time .
Moreover , you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager .
This leads to an escalation of your anger .
Sometimes you could find a bargain .
You are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price .
But at home you noticed that there is a tear on sleeve .
And you could n't of course give it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee .
You could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money .
Somebody could give you not enough change .
So if you do n't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping .
I would like to complain about the show which you presented on last saturday .
It was such disappointing evening out with my friend during our a week 's holiday in London .
We have had a quite pleasant time except the evening .
Actually it spoiled our time .
So I would like to get back our money .
These are some points I want mention about the differencies between the advertisement said and the realities .
First , I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook plays his role , but he had never shown up that night .
The main actor was an unknown actor .
It was a such disappointing .
It was 45 minutes later than it suppose to be .
It was a such boaring to wait the show in a noisy and hot theatre .
Third , there was no possibility of discount .
The girl sold the tickets was laughing at me when I mention about the discounts availability was written in the advertisement .
Forth , the theatre restaurant was closed .
There was a not on the door saying that the painting was going on the weekend .
Finally the sentence was written blow down on the advertisement was absolutely not true .
It was most imperfect evening out I ever exprienced .
I wish that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need give back the money we paid .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time to make intimate friendship with people around me .
First it was because of the culture difference .
It took quite long time to adjust in the multi culture in the language institue .
Secondly the language ability was another issue .
Even I could meet some friend , but I could n't express my heat to them for we have different back ground and our first language were different .
I really wished to have a friend can share everything is going in our lives .
She was a such wonderful person in our class .
She tried to help others when they have difficult time at school .
One day she realized that I was always been outside of circle .
One day she invited me to her flat .
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together in weekend usally .
We had a fantastic time together for three monthes .
Even we could make a trip to Paris in the school holiday !
We had many common interests in music , art and books .
I thought that I found a good friend in my life .
So I told her everything about my life .
There were some stories I never told anyone before , but I had share with her all my secrets .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Few days later I told her about my secret love story , it became a top gossip among my classmate .
Thank you for your letter and your congratulations .
I never thought that I would win the competition .
It is really wonderful .
I am a student at Portsmouth College and the end of this term is 23 June , so I can only travel in July .
I wonder if it is all right for that time .
And for my accommodation .
I prefer live in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable .
I like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere when I live in .
I like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming .
Before I came England , I swam every weekend in my country even in winter , so I choose to do some swimming and sailing while I am at the camp .
Actually , my mind has already gone there , I ca n't wait even for a minute .
I want to go there now .
By the way , I would like to know the shopping especially for clothes , I want to buy some for myself .
I look forward to your letter .
This report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it .
Lots of student normally have classes in the morning .
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon .
For instance , reading , looking for some information or using computer .
The arts students want to learn another foreign language .
Moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that aim to the examination .
Most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon .
Open some foreign language classes at part - time for the students who is interested in it .
Let foreign students do more excises about English to help them pass the exam .
Using the equipment and area what we have to organise some activities .
I am writting to thank you for your letter confirming the first prize that I won in your competition .
I would like also with the present to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip .
First of all , I would like to inform you that I will be able to travel only during July because in June I am going to give examinations for the First Certificate in English .
Furthermore , in August I will be preparing for my course at the University which I am starting next September .
Secondly , I would be grateful if you could arrange for me accomodation in log cabins as I am not used on living in the countryside and especially in tents .
I would like also to specify if the food is including in the prize .
Please let me know if you need more information .
As requested , I visited some classes during the lesson and some other rooms while activities were taking place .
The aim of this report is make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed .
Furthermore , I think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team in the football field as it is completely new and full equiped .
In addition , I think you have to take also plans from the school 's Nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can recognise that the teachers are very good .
I think also that will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background .
In conclusion , I have to declare that my myself and my fellow students will be available to help to this short video by all means .
I am delightful to receive your letter saying that I have won a two - week holiday in your recent competition and it will all paid in advance .
I am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday .
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July , due to the problems beyond my control .
Otherwise I will not be able to travel abroad .
I would rather stay in one of the log cabins as I am allergic to many plants and insects and I should avoid contacting them .
It is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp .
As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in them .
I came second last year 's swimming competition and I have enrolled photography classes .
In the camp I can practise them alot .
I was wondering if I need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency .
Could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter .
I am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another .
However this term has been a far cry from the others .
Couple of days ago I bumped into my best friend who is into music and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing .
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge consert whose singer was a well - known pop star as well as my favorite .
Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs some of which I put in the envelope .
It was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion .
I helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments .
The trip that you planned for us , students , it 's a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city like London .
Your programme is excellent because it tries to offer to the students the best way to spend our time without wasting time in silly places or events .
It 's great to visit especially the Science Museum because of its expositions .
The London fashion and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday .
It 's a great opportunity for us because there will be expositions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to make up .
Our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon .
By this way , the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion .
Famous people are special for the rest of the society .
They form opinions and invent new fashion styles .
It 's important to respect other people lives because it can cause serious problems in the family of the person or in his life .
If the famous person does n't mind in being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect .
Everybody likes to be with your family without any reporter or photographer .
In summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like familiar problems or personal problems .
The respect is essential .
They deserve to have a private life like any common person .
I had a week holiday in London , so I wanted to spend my last evening with great pleasure , however it was the worse evening in my life .
First of all , the actors were different from those who were advertised .
More over after watching a show I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant , but it was closed , it really disappointed me .
It was my dream to see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , so it is still my dream because of your show .
So , I had no perfect evening out and I want my money back .
How has modern techology changed my daily life .
Fifty years ago people even did n't think that after 2000 years they would have another life .
When Thomas Adison invented an electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that centure .
And nowadays modern technology can change all our life .
I mean , almost everyone has now a car , a computer , a mobil phone and even an airplane .
My life is changing too .
First of all now I can phone my friends and parents from every place , I can chat with other foreign teenagers with the help of the internet .
Second modern technology helps me in the kitchen .
Coocking became faster with the help of the microwave .
What is more Modern technology prevents different illnesses .
On the other hand people can atrophided of all this inventions .
He become lazy because they know that they can seat on the sofa and turn the chances on the TV by pressing a boton .
In conclusion I want to say that inspite of this , I hope that in future we will have more and more new inventions and they will stop our disasters and problems .
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you organised for our trip to London .
Especially the sightseeing by bus seems to be very interesting .
This would be a great opportunity because we are all intrested in clothes , sports and fashion .
I have almost forgotten to mention that it is free for students !
Unfortunately we realised that on the 14th we will already visit the Science Museum .
We could maybe change Tuesday 's programme to Wednesday .
We all prefer the show , free time is not so important for us .
Please think about this and give us an answer .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
I am fine but quite busy because I have my German exams .
Therefore I read Agatha Christie 's , , Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie .
I can really recommend you this book , it is fabulous .
It is also a suitable present for your cousin , I think .
One story is about ten persons who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island .
There is a storm and they can not leave .
Suddenly a murderer happens !
Believe me , you would never guess who the killer is !
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective and he finally solves the mistery .
But I will not tell you more .
You have to read it yourself .
And if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book !
Unfortunately it is quite expensive ,  32 .
But do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it !
Okay , I hope to have news from you very soon .
Thank you for telling me that I have won the first prize and now I am writing to tell you the information you have requested .
First of all , I think I would like to travel in July , which will be the only month for me to go .
Because my course wo n't finish until the end of June , and I will have to stay in the college to get ready for the new term .
I think sleeping in a tent is funnier than others .
And another question is what is the prices of things like in there , so that I can make a better buget of my trip .
Look forward to hearing from you .
In fact , there is nothing very important I did , because we are not the right people to do it .
I only put the speakers in the right places , or helping engieners tested the lights .
But at the brakes and after work , I had a chance to talk with the engieners , and I leant something about setting up the equitment .
The fourth day , the singers and the players have been to there to test .
Then I had a chance to speak with them .
From that , I learnt more about instruments .
Finally , the date of concer came .
After the concer finished successfully , I was happier than ever because the succeed inclueded my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life .
Anyway , now I have to stop to finish my homework .
According to your advertisement , the starrings were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE .
I decided to go to see this show because of its starrings , but at the day I saw it , a different actor played .
He was not DANNY BROOK .
Moreover there was no discount ticket .
They were all sold out .
You should have said they were very few .
I had to buy a  20 ticket .
To make matters worse , the time that the show started was delayed .
That 's why I could n't have a dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show .
It had already closed , when the show finished .
Could you give me a satisfactory reply as soon as possible .
Modern technology has changed my life .
Especially , a computer has made my daily life change dramatically .
It is only two or three years since I have used a computer at home , but now I wonder how I can live without it .
I open my e - mail box every night .
Before using e - mail , I used to write letters and sometime telephon .
Because as soon as I send my message , they can receive it .
In the other word , I can also receive their reply soon .
It 's really useful , when I need quick reply .
Overmore when I send e - mail , I need not worry about the time .
I can send them anytime I like .
Thanks to modern technology , I enjoy chatting with my friend in other countries and my family in Japan almost every day .
I am writing to complain about the show , Over the Rainbow which I saw in your theatre last week .
I was really disappointed because the show was far from what I expected .
First of all , I was really expecting to see Danny Brook , my favourite actor .
However , he was not on the stage that day .
Secondally the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes without doing anything .
It was a waste of time .
I also thought that there should have been discounts for students , which in fact was not available and I had to pay for normal price .
Furthur more , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay .
I had to go home without eating a dinner , though I was really hungry .
I have to say that the evening was terrible .
If I had known all of them , I would have changed my plan and could have a better time .
I strongly suggest you should give us right information .
I also would like to claim some refund for the evening .
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention .
People have become more informal , casual and practical than before .
First of all , people might think more about the function of clothes than the design .
It 's like a joke , but a bit scarely .
Imagine that all the people have hats with big edges to protect their faces from sun - burn , and it 's the most trendy fashion of the year !
It is said that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove in the advertisement .
However , there was a different unknown actor in that .
After the show , I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed because of no reason .
The real show on it owns is really very different to what are mentioned in the advertisement .
I am unsatisfied and would like to ask for some money back .
Please would you also change the advertisement to the level of the actual facts .
Thank you for your attention .
It is a very hard thing to predict .
The fashion of nowaday clothings is just keep on changing .
Although some may appears again after few years different styles are developed .
For the fashion of the future , I think it depends on the people 's own personalities and develope their own styles which suits them the most .
They can wear different kinds of clothing , like they design for themselves or those like history can wear those of victorian time and in different countries .
For the colours , I think the metalic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular .
Maybe paper can also be a farbic use for make clothings and for those who like to wear new clothes everyday .
They can be thrown away after wearing it and light enough to be carried around whenever you want to change your wearing .
It will be great to spend two weeks at Camp California .
First of all , I would like to say that the only month available from me to travel is July .
I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is for going with my parents to France .
This has been scheduled 3 months ago .
About accommodation , I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are more cleaner than the tents .
There is one question I would like to ask you about the Camp .
I would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes .
I hope this letter contains all the information you need from me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Maybe for women , but not for me .
I know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it 's what really happens .
For men , sometimes is hard to go shopping with their partners .
Sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town .
And of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like .
You can not lose the time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive .
And that is allways what we want .
That 's men 's intention .
Another point is to go a big area .
Specially week - ends .
Everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around .
People should have to take a license to drive those things .
Someone could be injured .
And of course , the time to pay .
A huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out .
In conclusion , for me to go shopping is not enjoyable at all .
According to the advertisement you gave , there have been some important differents .
Firstly , the play started almost an hour late , and I went there to see Danny Brook , but there was a different actor on stage .
Secondly , in the advertisement the discounts are available but in the tickets I bought they were no discount .
Furthermore , I had planned to have a great dinner with my family in your restaurant and it was closed because the people who work in were on holidays .
I would be grateful if you do it .
Nowadays , technology is the most useful tool that human beings have .
It affects everyone who live in this planet and every activity made in it .
In this case we are going to focus on me .
Emilio Almodar , 18 years old , University Student , and the career I have choosen is Internacional Commerce or Market .
I use technology every moment but I did not realise .
We also have five computer , the latest versions of them , because they are useful for my father to work and for me to do some special works for University .
Apart from this , I do n't spent my free time in technology .
I prefer playing rugby and going out with friends , because technology is not all life , but it is only a little part of it .
I am writing to ask about your advertisement and theatre show .
I am a student in Liverpool , and recently I had a week 's holiday in London .
First day in London , I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me .
But I was really disappointed it .
First of all , there was only one actor that was different from your advertisement .
Also , it was certain to me to bought a discount tickets cause I am a student .
But , it was not availiable .
Second , I went to the theatre exactly seven thirty in the evening .
However the show started 45 minutes later .
I wasted time too much for waiting .
It was not good to me , cause I had only one week holiday in London .
Moreover the theatre restaurant was closed with the word Stuff vacation on the front door after the show .
It was absolutely different from your leaflet .
On the whole , I was really disappointed at that time .
Could you do me my half of money back .
I enclose my phone number and address .
Fashion of the Future .
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with simple design in the future .
Because the people will stay at home more than now with their computer .
And they will use soft cozy cloths like cotton and silk .
However , if they have some special day when like important public day or special day of their life , they will wear very different kinds of clothes which was you never seen before .
Some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of others will be familiar to us .
And they will use the most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc .
Maybe some peoples are nakid .
Just imagine the way of future people 's life .
And you can see the their clothes also .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I was really surprised and very happy when I read that I have won the first prize .
First of all because I have never been to California and second because it 's the first time I have ever won something .
The only time that is possible for me to travel is July , because I am working for a bank and this is the only month I can go on holiday .
For my stay in California I would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my live here in Greece .
The activities I would like mot to do are climbing and surfing .
In my free time I have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so I can say , that I am quite good in climbing .
Many people , especially women , love shopping .
If you go to the centre of every big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat .
But shopping is not always enjoyable .
First of all because of the big variety in the store .
And very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want .
Another cause is that shops and stores are often overcrowded .
Very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people .
And many people are in a hurry , so do n't wonder if other people have not tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping cars .
Of course there are a lot of other causes why shopping is n't always great fun , but the last cause , which is very important for me is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal .
That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in little stores , where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complaine about .
I was writting as reply of your letter , I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA .
With the accomodation , I would prefered tents becase it is more according with a camp .
And with the activities I must chose Photography and Painting becase I am not very good for sports and I think I am doing well in these things .
Finally I just ask you What kind of clothes do I have to bring with me , and around How much money do you think I will need .
Thank you very much for everything .
Here I am , writting you to tell everything about my wonderful experience at the concert .
You ca n't imagine How much did I enjoy that journey .
I started early in the morning helping to carry the stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played , I help with the music stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound , etc .
And later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started .
And I was helping them fixing the last details .
When the concert started I was preparing some drinks for the band because when the concert finished they were very tired and tersty .
After the concert I only help with tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean .
Later the band was talking to me , I could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band .
But the thing that particulary liked me was that I could do all kind of things just in one day and I could feel different emotions .
So , that 's everything that I can tell you , I enjoy a lot and I hope to have another experience like this .
Thank you for the letter you have sent recently .
It was a surprise to know that I won the first prize .
The reasons I am really writing , However , is to give you some details of my trip to California .
In the letter you said that accommodation provided can be either tents or log cabins .
I would prefer to stay in tents so that I will have the chance to be in contact with the nature as well as the scenery around .
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes have we bring .
Do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the Camp .
I would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is .
thanking you in anticipation .
I look forward to hearing from you .
What a surprise it was to get letter from you after all this time .
This is just to let you know with whom I worked .
In order to celebrate the 125 aniversary of the city , the Coun Council organised an open air concert .
It was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend .
The pop band Five arrived into town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also the stages and sound .
I knew some help was needed so I decided to speak to the manager .
My job was to leave some leaflets on shops , restaurants and streets .
Working with this band was an experience I will never forget .
What I really enjoyed was been part of the staff .
Although I was too nervious , I knew I could do the job well .
Perhaps I could show you the pictures I took .
I am writing to express my dissapointment about the play over the rainbow which is performing at Circle Theatre .
Surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage , during the play .
Therefore , the theatre or the company is lying .
Secondly , the show started one hour fifteen past after .
We arrived at the theatre in time and we had to wait all that time until the show began .
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an agressive employee refused to answer me .
He stayed looking at me and laughing .
The evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from the promise written in the advertisement .
Defineteley , I want my money back as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I knew that but I would prefer to trust her so I told everything about Lynne Harter , our new collegue at school .
However , I have to admit that I told her my own opinion .
Well , it was the beginning of my tragedy .
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely agressive .
Two days after , when Pat came back to my school and she met Mr Harter , our head teacher , she told everything about Ann1 .
In that precisely moment I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter 's niece .
I know it 's my fault .
But , well , unhappiness started with Pat and my reveilled secrets .
Firstly , the play started nearly an hour later as I expected !
If the spectacle has been beautiful , I would have been quite pleased to wait .
Then , I had read that there would have been discounts available , but it was n't true !
So it 's better not to write anything if you do n't make it true then .
The main actor , Danny Brook , was changed and the one who played his part was n't as good as I expected .
For all these reason , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon !
Organize better your shows and do not exagerate with publicity !
There would be many things to say about .
Technology is a wide field which increases very quickly .
It 's creating an artificial world , where everything is electronic and fast .
Certainly , thanks to it , we can do things today that were impossible a few centuries ago .
When appeared the first car , it was already a great success .
Before that , people travelled by horse or worse .
Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America , Australia or wherever else he wants !
It allows us to keep connections with the other states of the world , improves our knowledge , offers us news , advises us about events which happened or will happen .
In the not very far 1914 , parent sent their sons in war and it was very difficult to know if they were still alive or dead !
We pay less attention to our life , to those things which give us happiness , that are n't money , success , power .
We became passive people , we follow the same routine every day and we live in a society where rules are strongly fixed .
I think everyone should live his own life how he wants to live it and make him known for who he is , not for his money , but for his abilities , his good habits , his personality .
Finally , everyone should decrease his own life 's rythm .
I was very excited with the idea of going to the theatre , but it did n't work out as I thought it will .
First of all the starring actors were supposed to be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , Tina did act , but Danny Brook was replaced by an awful actor whose name I do n't recall .
Another thing I want to complain about , is that your advertised that discounts were available , but there was n't any discount at all .
To finish my marvelous evening , I wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given .
As I did n't have a perfect evening out , I think I have the right to ask for my money back .
I hope you understand .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Two years ago in this school , Pat and I used to be best friends .
We used to tell everything to each other .
I was having some family problems , so my marks were getting down and down .
Pat was worried , she did n't know what to do .
That afternoon she visited me and told me a plan she had designed to make my marks rise .
It consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hack the school software .
I thought it was a great idea , so I stole about ten tests we were planned to do .
Pat could n't stand the pressure of the crime so she told the school directors that I stole the tests .
I was punished , nearly expelt , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .
I never accused her of lying , and I you ask me why , I really do n't know .
I am writing to you after visiting your theatre .
Frankly speaking , I was very disappointed after my visit .
According to your advertisment I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all .
But nevertheless I decided to go to your show .
I had to wait in overcrowded hall .
When finally the show had started I found out that Danny Brook was replaced by another actor .
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook 's participance .
So , you could understand how disappointed I was .
To make matters worse the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisment was closed .
So I had n't such perfect evening , as was promised in your advertisment .
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisment and I would be gratefull if you could give me back a part of my money .
In my opinion , modern technologies play the important role in people 's life .
I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and Internet technologies .
Both computer and Internet influence people 's life .
I have to use computer every day .
It helps me in preparing my homeworks .
Firs of all Internet gives you an access to a great number of different information .
On the one hand Internet is often used for entertaiment , but on the other hand it 's also used in different business and education process !
With the help of Internet technologies I communicate with other people from all over the world it gives me chance to improve my English .
From my point of view , Internet can be used in education , because it gives an opportunity to have distant relations between pupils and teachers .
Though Internet has a lot of positive aspects I think you should be careful with it and not to be depended on it .
At the begining I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much .
However there are some problems that I hope to solve .
First of all the only suitable time for me to go is July .
It is the only time when I am free from my duties - I am a doctor so you see that I can not let my patients down .
If we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great - I love being close to the nature .
There is also one thing that I would like to ask You about .
Unconected part of every people lifes is shopping .
We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this are money .
As a teenager I must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable from shopping .
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like flaing .
Choosing gave me such big pleasure because I never have to worry from vere do I take money for my wishes .
It all comes from my parents .
All I ought to do is buy and choose .
It 's hard for me even to emagine the situation when shopping is not enjoyable .
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you ca n't have it .
Another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present .
I am sad to read about Richard not being at his best .
I hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
The college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
The end - of - conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
It will start by a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .
The recreative part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .
As nights may be cold at this time of the year , may I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Appart of that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
Because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
Once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
Due to the mobile phone .
communication has changed , not improved .
For rescue teams , it is a great help .
But is n't it a handicap outside professional life .
Should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away .
It is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
Would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialing home to ask which salad to buy .
I am writing to reply your letter you wrote me on 10 June .
Firstly , I would like to tell you , that the group has been booked into Palace Hotel , which locates beside the congress house in the centre .
You can make contact with Mrs Brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 .
Secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is specially organized by us .
Off course there 's also a bus number 8 in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
The end - of - conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .
Beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .
What 's more is , that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
As you see , what to wear is just something casual .
Basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
I hope your questions re answered appropriatly .
Now - a - day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
First of all , the efficiency of the society has been improved .
When shopping , we do n't need to wait the Kasse to take every article 's note by hand .
When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
Secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information what we need , we can very easily search it from internet or on the local network .
It 's a very often heard , that someone , who has a special illness , gets operations by a foreign institutes , which he find via internet .
Moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controling operations or having conferences .
Lastly the way of communications has been also changed .
Instead of the tranditional telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the help of computer network .
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers .
A very important and severe problem is the reliability and security .
Till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough .
In conclusion , computer have become a very essential necessity of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which need to be improved .
First at all , I am sorry about Richard illness .
Please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
Because it is a wellkown hotel it should be easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
Even more the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the Hotel .
After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce each others .
Finally in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .
It will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward hearing from you .
Sagrada Familia a real holly building .
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you can like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the Sagrada Familia .
Gaudi conceived this church n 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 they started to build it .
Since the beginning the work was interrupted in different periods and started again .
After Gaudi death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
Nowadays , a hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible .
The visitor can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit .
There is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .
And , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
There you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnific building .
I am pleased to help you .
We looked in every hotel in Town trying to give you the best offerd .
We found two good hotels but we decided for the Palace Hotel .
This has the best price that we could find .
The conference day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the conference .
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is walking .
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual .
Finally , the last day I sugget you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
The aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum .
This is an historical building .
I asked to some pleople in town and this was the best place to choose .
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
Is situated in the top of a little mountain in the old part on the city .
You are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .
On the whole this is the best building in Acapulco for his history and reputation .
Is the best place to go and easy to get there .
My wish is that nothing goes wrong .
So you have to know more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is placed in the city centre .
As far as I know this hotel is very comfortable .
There is also a subway - station near Palace Hotel .
Our college is not much far away .
You only have to take the subway - train .
After three stations you have arrived Brooklyn street .
When you come out of the subway you see our college .
The students have prepared a music program for the end - of - conference party .
There will also be an international buffet .
So do n't eat too much before you come .
And please do n't worry about clothes .
There are not any rules .
In our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
I think you should visit Water World on your last day .
You will have a lot of fund , I can tell you .
If you need any further information please call me .
The telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
People use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my opinion people need a telephone .
For example a telephone is very important in job - life .
Nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also it is god for people 's safety .
You can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
The people use the telephone also for their personal life .
For example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
They are able to give and receive informations very quickly .
This invention has made our lives easier and quickier .
The telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .
It makes something possible you can not do .
Finally I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
I am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
It is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
The students can get there with the No 35 bus .
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at Palace Station .
The hotel is opposite the station .
At the end - of - conference the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .
It will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
There will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
It would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
On the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
The group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax at the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the settings .
Do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
It is a different expirience .
I recomment to visit this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
It is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit Nyremberg .
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too .
I am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college .
I would get you the information you are requested .
First of all , we have booked the Palace Hotel for your group .
This hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
However , I would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport .
Furthermore , this party would be in your hotel like the following years .
Finally , there are a lot of mouseum is our town , therefore , I would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashinating .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
The aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town .
I am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
I would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the eldest civilisation of the world in one of the modernest building .
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the Conference .
I hope I can answer your questions .
At First , this international student conference has the intension of explain to students how important is the education .
In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
I suggest you should go by train and go out in the Museum Station .
The Conference will happen in the Hotel , which is so much easier .
The Conference , not being modest , it is a quite well organized .
It will starts at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
I suggest you should wear something informal .
Even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .
I am very happy that you want to know my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
I look forward to hearing from you .
This is a good question .
The humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
At First , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his creation .
Unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
Maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
The best way is definetely , by air .
After this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for us .
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it have changed people 's life in wars .
Until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
Let 's congratulate Santos Dummont !
Thank you for your lettre .
Of course I will give you some more detail about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been loocked in is the Palace Hotel .
Its located close to the main trainstation in our town .
It is quite near the conference building .
There will be extrabus to get there .
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entery .
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all students .
You do not have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear .
There are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lake .
If you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling .
Our Church is a very famous building at our country .
It is eighty meters long and its tower is fourty five meters high .
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side .
The tower is red and the church itself is white painted .
In the church are many expensive draws .
There is space for about five hundred people .
The church was built in 1385 .
It is rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it had been demaged .
The church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .
It has a interesting past .
The tower is absolutly marvelous .
You can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
If you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you al the things and answer your questions .
The entery will be free .
Dear Mrs Smith , Hello Maria .
In this letter you will get all the information that you need .
And you can take the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College .
It is four bus stops .
Then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college .
The rest you already knows .
I suggest to wear shirts and jeans .
And the last three hours before you return , we can go to the Imax cinema to watch a 3-D film !
After we eat in the KFC .
Then we all take you and the students to the airport .
Madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .
But the best place for me is La Vaguada .
An entertainment and commercial building .
In there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kind of food and have shopping .
We can have fun as well .
And that 's why I recommend this place to you .
The building itself is a large building .
It is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
The buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .
People love this place and called it Madrid - two .
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .
Inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
And it is easy to come .
Just take the bus 83 or the sub - way .
In here , you can find everything that you want .
We chose the Palace Hotel because it 's near our college , too .
So you are going to come at the conference in some minutes .
When you go out of the Hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossroads turn right again .
At the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .
Here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visiting the painting museum .
We all are looking forward to seeing your group .
It is n't easy giving an answer at this question .
Television is an important invention , it permitted us to better our way of communication .
This animated box can give us a lot of informations coming from all around the world .
And we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing than engaging ourselves in something that make us do something .
So television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which use we want to do of this box .
Now we should be able to answer at the introducing question .
No , I do n't think so .
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't thinking that it could n't exist .
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of international students conference .
Palace Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is North City Line , is yellow line on the map .
After getting on the train , you should get off at the Mountain station which is for twenty minutes , is in front of the conference .
The conference which will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome drink together .
Before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
I am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit .
I would like to introduce one building in my town .
Sky Heaven which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building have a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the elevator .
There are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in the world .
You should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tell you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
It is a good experience for your students .
I hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am glad to helping you for the organisation of the international student conference .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by footh .
At the end - of - conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .
On the last day we are going to have about three hours free times .
I hope that I have been able to give you some help .
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
I am writing a report , which will describe you the most important building of my town .
The most important building of Biasco is the , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda .
It is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
Into this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of Biasco .
Under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese is produced and why is it so famous in Tiano .
I hope that these informations will bring you to visit Biasco and its , , house .
Your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is only 2 miles away from our college .
As you already know we are going to have the end - of - conference party where the Head of the college will give a small speech at the begining , then it will a buffet and a disco .
You do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
Regarding to what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you to take the students to our History Museim .
It 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
There is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends .
I am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
To my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .
Cars take a big part in our life .
Everywhere you look you can see cars .
More and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transport .
Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
I do n't think I need to comment on this .
From my personal experience I realised how it 's important to drive a car when I was living in Johanesburg in South Africa .
I arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and I could n't drive at that time .
Johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
I could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
Since I passed my driving test I can not understand how I used to live without a car before .
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutelly love it !
I am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference .
First of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes Hotel .
It is very near York Railway Station which you can get there easily .
Secondly , the conference is very important event for all of us , we agree to wear formal dresses .
For example , men should wear suits , ties and the so on .
In addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
Finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
It would be grateful If we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
A car is one of the invention which is very useful .
I think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
Apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere .
The car has largely affected my own life .
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than use public transports .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought some cassets with me from Thailand .
I took a car driving theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a pratice driving test very soon .
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .
In conclusion , I think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !
It was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference , we have been organising .
Let me give you some further information concerning the event .
Firstly I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
Is called Palace Hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions .
The conference is not too far from your hotel .
I strongly reccommend you to use the public transportation in order to get there , cause you may be find other types of transportation quite expensive .
After that our college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
You do n't need to wear formal clothes .
Just every day clothes .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
Do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
Without any doubt , a hystorical place which provides it 's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the greek history during the passing of centuries .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
A traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
There is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
Inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hystorical books , maps etc .
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you .
I will remind you that the international student conference will be the next month on the first of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near the bus station .
When you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number 37 which will go to town center .
From there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from town center .
After the conference some drink and food will be available in the sport - center which is well equipped for disco - party .
So we suggest to wear western clothes .
On your last day you could go to the sport - musseum which is grateful and famous around the world or only go for a walk around Reconvillier - Park .
I hope that I had answer all of your question and that the conference will be grateful .
It is the unique old Roman school in the world .
This place is very important because it is there that an Emperor had growing up .
The door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important .
They decided to build more school specially in Switzerland because the people were considerated clever .
During the Second World War all school were demolished only our is left .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to answering our question .
Firstly , I already have booked Palace Hotel for the students .
There is the hotel near my college .
It takes five minutes to get my college by walking .
I will copy the map around the college .
Secondly , I will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
The party will be held in the dinning room .
People who will attend the party are many professers , semi - professers and faculties .
So I suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
Finally , I will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
The city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
For example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
I suggest that you should visit these places .
You will have a good time .
In addition , there are many other colleges .
You will be able to see many Japanese students .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
If you would like to gain more information , you will ask me everytime .
I suggest that you should visit one building .
My town is the capital of Japan .
So there are many higher buildings .
I think it is like New York .
However , I have only one building which I want you to visit .
I have three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
In addition , this is the 60th floor , I went there first time I could n't believed it .
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in Tokyo .
The scene of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .
I hope when you visit , you will be favorite place .
You should visit there .
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference .
I would like to help you with my best .
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference .
The hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the conference saloon .
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for students .
In addition , I suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
Finally , you would like to know some activities for three hours free time .
In this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available .
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Here is my report for American students who want information on an interesting building to visit in Ankara .
It is placed in the middle of the forest .
There is different kind of bird and different kind of trees present .
It has very big museum inside the building and all building made from stone .
Their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big army museum available .
It has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to seeing Ankara from the hill .
I recommend that it is the best building in Ankara to visit because it includes all Turkish history and very good sight seeing .
I am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference .
The hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel .
It is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car .
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 4 and taxi fare would not be expensive .
There is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
You can wear either casual dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy - dress competition and the raffle is a bottle of French champaign .
On Friday afternoon , it has set to be a free time .
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre which is near the college .
Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
The other suggestion is going to the flower market where is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
Moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
There are many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light .
Some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
Owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
There , electric light has invented .
Nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .
It must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity in your house got a short circuit .
In addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipments and they has become an important part of our life , too .
I think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
I was very please to receive your letter .
It is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference .
Firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located on the town centre .
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when you arrive .
And the best way to get from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they are all strangers here .
Therefore it is no good taking a bus .
I will help you to book the coach .
There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
Moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wearing pub - wears to it , as it is suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you could go the market at town during the 3-hour gap .
It is a nice place to buy the British style gifts to your family and friends .
You could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby .
I would be grateful to give any help if you need .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
The purpose of this is to give information to the American students , describing Po Lin Temple is worth - visited .
It was found in 1910 .
It is a traditional type of chinese temple .
Because of the 2nd World War , it was re - built in 1960 .
A big Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world .
The location of Po Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
Then you need to take the bus A110 , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .
It is quite convenient .
All the buses and MTR have air - condition .
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos .
Of course , you may get more knowledge about Hong Kong , as the temple have been here for nearly 100 years .
The well known Big Buhha you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
The temple also provide free Chinese traditional style meals for visitors .
To sum up , I think Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit , especially for Americans students .
Easy to get there and free amittion .
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commerical city , but you could find something different in Po Lin Temple .
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conference , we have organized with the hotel 's bus service to take the student to the conference .
There will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
Everybody are free to dress for the party but be considering to be appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near by the Airport .
There are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
If there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
I look forward to see you at the conference .
It 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
Because all of them are so important in difference way .
Having telephone I can call my mother , my friends which helping me from home sick , not completely but I think it 's better than other ways .
To hear the voice from the person you love is the feelling that hard to describe , it 's wonderful and so real , you can imagine their face clearly .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in tuch through e - mail .
The problem is the language , we used English but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us misunderstand each other .
However , the problem solved by a telephone .
We are now still friend .
Thanks to the invention of the telephone .
Concerning to the Party at the end of the Conference , this will be formal there fore you will need formal clouding as you know there will be Company directors , Managers etc .
As for the last day I would suggest you to take a visit to the locall museum and the ruin 's Castle .
In the fist you will find a very intresting collection of Roman Vestiges , also you can visit another section wich it supoused to be a Roman cite .
I always had consider myself been very looky to be born in the Century because all the amaizing human inventions .
As an example let 's have a look and we will see of this nation how it has developed .
We just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to these day .
I hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
I think that we have to think which hotel is better for the students .
I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me .
I was thinking about the Palace Hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties .
You can book this hotel it 's the best and it 's near to conference it 's only 15 minutes by walk .
I think that it will be nice about the end - of - conference party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the student the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance .
The party it will be nice .
The clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , not how you are going to casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .
On the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
Those are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that you will like it .
Today our article it will be about an inventions that we need inour life .
I think that all this things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make call if you need something of if it something happend to your house and nobody is next to you .
The second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
In the past the people did n't have electicity and if they wanted for example to read or to cook something they used to do in the fire .
It 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
The other one is the television .
You must have TV because you can liten what it happend in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go .
You can enjoy you time to watch a film if you have free time .
The boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
The car now is very important in our life you can go wherever you want .
In this year the familys they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .
For me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
First of all , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
It has a swimming - pool and a nice bar .
The hotel is ten minutes far from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
Next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
We can do a lot of things in my area .
We have the possibility to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there is a lot of shops .
We can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
I find television the most important invention .
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
In one hand it 's because they have not enough money to pay it and in the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well for example if they are disabled .
With television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore .
Television is a good way to be informed with the news .
I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
I think television is a good invention for children when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .
You wo n't have any problem to find the college because it 's in front of the Hotel , and the conference will be there .
I hope it was useful for you .
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front .
It is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
You ca n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and always there are a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing .
Also , there is a museum of history inside .
As you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel regret about that .
I am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other points in relation with .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel .
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near of the college which the conference is into , five minutes walking .
Going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
When you arrive to the Colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .
There will be music as well for dancing .
The director of the College has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving I have some suggestions .
In the area of the Hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you can enjoy seeing differents kinds of paintings .
I hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .
I am looking forwards to see you at the Conference .
The computer is very useful and It has affect our own lifes , in differents meanings .
The computer has done easy a lot of works .
But computers do n't have affected only in a good way because thank you to computers the number the places of work for the persons is minor .
But , definetely they has been a very important invention .
The last relationed with computers is internet .
By internet you can comunicate with people of differents places of the world at the same moment .
And you can take lots of informations about a lot of things .
Every thing that you need you can find it in internet .
Nowadays computer are very developmented and it is increasing .
I have received your letter and I am glad I can help you .
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
When you are in the college ask for me .
We will prove you with food and drinks .
For your free hours I have quite a few ideas .
There are lots of things to do here .
We have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
If you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that .
I hope this information will be helpful .
If you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which I can not imagine myself living without .
Apart from being in - fashion it is also a very helpful machine .
Nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
Five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
It has been a plus for me .
For example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because I have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
All over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
I am writing to inform you that I have recieved a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is not very far from my college .
However , due to the congestions and delay near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is by underground , Victoria Street station .
You would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
All different types of clothing could be worn however jean wears and T - shirts would be common on that day .
Instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market square , could be found near our monument of our town , the Saltisy Bridge .
I am looking forward to see you soon .
The Little Woods shopping mall is an idea place for you and your group to visit .
It is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum .
It can be accessed by the nearby train station .
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are availiable .
For those who want something more exciting and advanturous , you are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building .
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department stores could also be found .
There is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from aboard to enter the car park .
A special trip could also be organized .
I am writting in connection with your letter bout the international student conference .
I appreciate if I can offer you my help .
I would like to give you necessary details , which can help you to organise the conference .
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
You need only 5 minutes by walking to catch the college .
After conference we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
The party will take place on forest close to camping place .
I hope we will have a nice weather .
Therefore , I suggest to wear some casual clothes .
On the last day an afternoon if you have some free time I would recommend you to visit a very famous exposition of Leonardo Devinci .
The exposition will take place on Gribaldi museum , which you can find on the Crariden street N 5 .
You will never regred about my suggestion .
If you need more information let me knowe .
Report on the building at the Berkeley Square .
The Students , who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our City .
However the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .
Most of the Students found this building very particular , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past times .
This building attracts a lot of people , - because it has a very particular style with majestic , antique windows .
In addition , I also visited this place - and I was very impressed .
Finally I would recommend you visited Barkely Square area .
In this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .
It ca n't be difficult to find , because is very near of the conference .
Also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .
At the end of the conference it will be a party .
I might suggest you to wear a casual dress , because many students feels relaxing after the whole day sitting and listening all the conference .
The party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as I remembered from last year it was unforgiven , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .
It is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit especially the History museum wich I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy as well .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free .
It 's imposible Nowdays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , that can makes business more quickly than anything else .
Also , I was asking too many people in the street .
The answer was all the same Imposible .
In my opinion this little box that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
In conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
Thank you for your letter .
Then I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
Firstly , about your accomodation , our college which I belong to offers visitor free accomodations with full of facilities .
They also are located in our campus so you can get to the conference by walk .
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you not to wear jeans and trainners .
That is very traditional Japanese city where so many temple and heritages are there .
By the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
Oh Baby , I ca n't live without you !
Let us try to appreciate thier importance again .
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questione .
That 's the nature of human being .
But , I think it 's not only our fault but the evidence of how much they integrate in our life .
The group has been booked the place Hotel which is near the train station .
it is really easy to reach to the conference from the hotel .
The bus running front of the hotel .
if you catch the red bus that will drop you front of the conference building .
In the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
At the end of the conference there will be reseption at the hotel .
we have arranged some tours in the city .
you will be visit some interesting places and towers .
I look forward to seeing you .
Can you imagine the life before computer .
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .
Computer is really claver machine .
He saves time for humankind People do n't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices .
Many bosses or in the factories not being needed to employ many claver workers Because we do n't need them a lot .
This saves a lot money for companies .
Computer has been helping to improve health Because in this century we can use it in medical operation Doctors can manage the extreemest operation easyly and confedantly .
I am writing in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
Below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
First of all , the hotel booked for the group is the Palace Hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
This is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
People are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
Finally I think that you should jump at opportunity to go to the historical Pergam 's Museum before leaving .
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exposed there .
I wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .
As requested I visited the Bournemouth National Museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
Below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .
The adjoining restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
The waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
In fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
In reply to your letter , I would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
Therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
Lastly , on the last day , I would suggest you to visit the Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount .
I hope this letter should help you with enough information .
Well , I do n't think so .
Only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
With it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
In the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
These were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
They had to read , study and walk in the dark .
Today , this kind of thing hardly happens !
Well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .
I remember when I was about 5 , I visited a museum with my family .
While I was in toilet , all the light was turned off !
When the light was turned on again , I realised how important even a single light bulb would be , and I was sure I can never , ever live without it .
First of all , I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill .
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference .
According to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the conference .
The hotel is The Palace Hotel .
About the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay .
The party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
There will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
Lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
The shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .
The cafe in the hotel is available .
I hope that information will be useful .
If you have any questions I am more than happy to help .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
Imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work .
Thank god for those who had created the electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliances .
The electricity is a clever invention .
Everything bases on the use of electricity , for instance from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which stored priceless information !
Life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
The electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electricity .
I , personally , could n't live without the electricity .
It has already affected and play a great role in my life .
I watch the television and use the computer everyday .
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city - centre .
The hotel is just three busstops away from our college .
So you and your students can take the bus from the central busstation that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .
The end - of - conference party starts just one our after the end of the conference .
It is located in our sports hall .
There will be live music and a midnight dinner .
For your last day I think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city - centre .
I will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
If you have any more questions write me a short letter .
The invention of the car was a great point in history .
From there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course within the physical barriers .
People now had the chance to move to far away places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or rail connection to go there .
It has been quiet hard to me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends that lived in or near the city .
I just had no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .
I always needed my Mom or my Dad to take me where I wanted to go .
Today I have my own car and I use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
So with my car I achieved a great freedom .
I am applying your letter where you asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is situated in the city center , at 15 minutes walking from where the conference take place in .
In the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the Regional College .
Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
For the people interested in , there will be also an amusement karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans and tee - shirts .
There is a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .
We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny an warm , for take a walk .
For any details look in the next page map .
Alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
So , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
She had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .
She sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
Drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
She did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
I have just received a letter from you .
I am really appreciate your interesting about our conference .
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
This is very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .
However , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
But I hope you will wear formal suit and dress .
You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .
Cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing Cambridge .
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy City centre by walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party and etc .
We have prepared all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attendance .
If you want more information , please let me know .
Welcome to my town and I am really appreciate your visiting .
I will tell you some information about this building .
This building consists of a world exposition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .
If you are interested in computer , it will give you big pleasant .
For a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens .
Therefore you can enjoy all latest films there .
It is providing all kinds of food .
Lastly , I really want you to go to the aquarium .
Actually I have been there three times but I still want to go there again .
I am sure you will like this very much .
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you required .
First of all , your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape .
It will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college .
There will be a party after the conference .
We will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .
Therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
Finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
You will be able to buy them in reasonable price .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
I look forward to meeting all of you .
The aim of this report is to give information on the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
It is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
It was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself .
There is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particular , the people seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive .
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .
It seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
However , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
In short , the Amusement Centre is fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
I would highly recommend this building , because not only you can enjoy yourself but also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
Thank you very much for your letter , which I received yesterday .
I am sure , together we can spent a good student conference in my college .
I will give you now some useful information .
First of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .
The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel .
The hotel is on the right hand side of the Parker Piece , which you can find on the map , which I will send you .
The , , Palace Hotel is 5 minutes walking from the station .
The conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin .
In a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume same food and drinks .
Furthermore there will be a very famous life band .
You do not have to wear some speciall clothes .
You asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some thing specially is our cathedrale .
We have also an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
I look forward to meeting each other soon .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Sometime 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
It is well know in almost all family , often with a lot of different cannels .
First of all , the TV can tell us news in a short time , what happened all over the world .
Another point in favour of the invention for the TV is , that they telling about interesting reports , for instance about animals or different culture from other countrys .
Furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .
It could be also relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
Finally , the TV is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watching the weather and all of them were present in wonderful colour .
To sum up , in my opinion the TV is a very good and useful invention .
However , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .
I can not imagine to live without televison , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
Thank you for your letter .
First , I tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the Palace Hotel .
Fortunately , it is not far from our college .
About the end - of - conference party I can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest I still do n't know will be expected .
I suggest to wear casual clothes , I think there 's no need of school uniforms .
To answer your last question , I would propose you to attend the local zoo , because many baby animals were born in the past few days .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the given information is useful for you .
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in the end of the 19th century .
It was an invention nobody thought how important and how widespread it would be in future .
Nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
People need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very short and direct way with the possibility to answer immediately .
When I was a child , we had no telephone at home , and I always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
I want to inform you that I had already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .
Next week I will be start organising some events for this conference .
The event will organize at the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel that will you stay .
We chose that hotel because is it near the college and we do n't need to use a transport .
About the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because is the best conference to London and every year are coming lectures from other colleges .
I think it is a nice idea .
Nowdays all the people have a telephone .
Telephone is part of our life .
It is one of the most important investigation all over the world .
Telephone is type of communication .
If you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can be communicate with them .
Especial if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and everyday and you do n't feel that they are far a way from you .
Today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .
They are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
Also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
The last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .
You can use it everywhere and at anytime .
Nowadays who are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
Especial the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
Telephone is very important investigation if we can use it correct without use it as type of entertaiment as they are doing nowadys many people .
I have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
As you know , a hotel whose name is Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
The best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
I am afraid there are no buses to get there .
We will have a great party at the end of the conference .
The party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something .
On your last day you have an afternoon free .
In my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
You can find a lot of things to do or to see .
You can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
I hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .
If you need any information , please let me know .
When I was a child I always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that I liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
I first bought a computer as I was in university .
It was so necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .
That time I met the magic world of computers .
Linking to the internet was so popular .
Internet was something amazing for me .
I meet a lot of people on internet and it really interest me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet .
I was n't able to imagine this before .
In addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
Everything in this world works with computers from now on .
Computers changed my life style , my opinion about the world .
And they effect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so that it is very easy to reach the conference .
What is more , I would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie .
Finally , if I were you I would go shopping to the City Centre to spend your last hours .
However , if you re interested in Archeology you should vitis the History Museum in Garden Square .
I hope you will find my letter of interest and I look forward to seeing you .
I the last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .
It is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easy .
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carring lugguage and shopping bags .
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey .
For example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting travelling riding a hourse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose with .
However , I have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allowe us travelling quickly .
That 's why I could n't image my life without it .
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us untill one week before we start .
And you are staying the Palace Hotel , which is located in town Centre .
You can take buses or our school buses .
It costs forty pence .
If you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus .
One of our teacher , who will be voted by student is making speech for one hour .
In my opinion , you should wear normal cloth .
I would like to suggest that you should visit building of sixty two which is consisted on sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .
This is very famous in our city .
I hope that my advice will help you .
I look forward to hearing soon from you .
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
There are exhibited historcall things , picthurs and clothes .
It was built four hundread ago .
When you go up to the top of castle you can see the whole town .
and there are very big Park in the Castle .
Pusan Castle show about Korea history from when one of our King made our country .
Shop specially for group .
They can be given discount .
What is more , every places is explained by English .
So you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
fortunately If somebody visit castle over ten people , they give them discount .
The Hotel that is booked for the students it is one of the beast in the area , it has great facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .
I hope this letter aswer all your questions , if you whant to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
On the contrary it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
However , I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful .
For the end - of - conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life music and cattering .
Due the hotel is such an elegant place I would suggest to dress up in night clothes .
Chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .
In fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden ones to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices .
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented .
Some people use them in their work , others are wishing to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while chair represents the possibility of mouvement .
Although is worth to say that not everybody can chose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
Thank you for your letter .
I am glad to help you for the organisation of the conference .
I phoned to the tourist information last week and I got some information about the accomodation of the students .
I think we should book at the Palace Hotel .
It is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
The Hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes walk from the conference and I think the best way to reach it is on foot .
I am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
I think they should wear smart dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
In conclusion , for the last day , I thought it will be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic - nic in the wonderful park .
I hope my suggestion and Idea will help you to organise the meeting .
I look forward to receiving your confirmation .
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of American students for the visit at the Etruscan Museum .
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast .
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive building in my town .
It contains lots of archeological Etruscans founded and some remains about Etruscans neoropolis .
The entrance fee is  7 each student .
There are some shops , caf and toilets .
Also there are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum .
After their visit into the Museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan Archipelago , and they could have a pic - nic on the beach .
The negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , I strongly reccomend it for their excursion and their interests .
I am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which I received this morning .
Your group has been booked in Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
It is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .
However you would take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also .
Regarding to the end - of - conference party , I would suggest to wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though , it is no formal do .
Basicaly , during three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of London .
However you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
I look forward to welcoming you .
As far as I am concerned the telephone was invented in 19th century .
It has been affecting our lifes very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as TV , for instance .
Since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lifes without this .
We were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some time .
However , are you always happy when your personal phone rings .
On the other hand I wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .
This invention has affected my life completely .
Since I have been traveling around the world I would have imagined beeing in tough with my family or friends without internet or my mobile phone .
In spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without interrupting others .
Thank you for your letter .
I will be pleasure to help you .
The following are some information about the International student conference .
The party will be take place in Palace Hotel .
The Hotel is very close Town Hall .
From park square , just go straight .
You can see the sign of hotel .
This is a International student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes .
It looks nice and have good meaning .
You can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party .
After meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .
At the end of conference you can dance and singing together .
There is my suggestion about this party .
If you still have some problem , you can call me .
I heard that a group of America students has just arrived in our town .
I want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
It is main building of LUTON University at park square .
There is a academic building .
II suit , academic rooms a GYM Club and a restuarant .
There is a very big labrary .
You can find any information from it what you want .
At the rest of time , you can go to IT suit use Internet .
If you feel hungry , you do n't need go out .
Just at the same building , you could find restuarant .
I recommen this buiding to visit .
Because American students will know British students is how to study and different campus life .
They can also talk with British students to communiate study experience .
I am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international student conference in Wimbledon Art College .
Below I am clarifying some information you asked about .
First of all , I would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel .
The group has been booked into Maria Luisa hotel which is situated on the center of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village .
This hotel is the next building after Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
Secondly turning to the end - of - conference party , it is planed to be in Wimbledon Common - nice piece of England nature .
So , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .
Thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to visit Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .
Where is quite good exposition their , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments .
I look forward to meeting your group in our conference .
From my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum .
The building was built by very famious Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of XVIIIth century .
It is also a good chance to be introduced with Russian system of art education .
I have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference .
It is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , opposite to the Post Office .
The conference will be hold in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
Take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of The Royal Hall .
The end - of - conference party will be hold in Francescos Restaurant , just by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
About what you can do in the area for the free time you have , I would suggest you to visit The Modern Art Museum which has now a new exhibition .
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the Spring Gardens which are beautiful in this time of the year .
I hope all this information is helpful for you .
Imagine your life without a telephone .
Yes , I know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think about the people living in the time it was invented .
Of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the life of many people having a heart attack .
We sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
I am one of all students and I am going to give you an information , all you need .
We have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is Palace Hotel quite near shopping centre .
It is not far aways , you just go along Park Road about ten minutes .
Then you will arrive at Palace Hotel on the left handside of you .
About the end - of - conference party .
We are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the Hotel , you need to wear a night - dress or suit and bow tie .
We recommend you to go to BBC building .
First of all , about BBC building is the news building of England .
On the ground floor , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officer walk around the building as well .
For Example , THAILAND , United State of America , INDONISIA and CANADA .
I recommend you this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that why I recommend you this building .
Thank you very much for your letter .
I would be very pleased if I can help you answering all your enquiries .
It is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
I would suggested you to walk along New Street , which is the one next to river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel in your right hand side .
The hotel is just opposite to the City Hospital .
As you already possibly know , the end - of - conference party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .
Answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
However , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
With reference to the last afternoon , if I were you I would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have any time left you ought to go to the High Street , where you could go shopping .
Please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
I look forward to meeting you at the Conference .
The invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I am not refering only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
To be honest , I ca n't .
Cars are part of our daily lives .
Traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .
But , anyway , people use cars .
If we do n't use them we suffer from them .
In my case I use public transport during the week to go to work but I could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - wheel motored vehicle .
To go to the countryside and being able to breath fresh , non - polluted air , I use my car , which , as far as I am concerned does not help to maintain a clean air at all .
I have just received your letter .
It was very sorry news to Richard Brown .
I have given much information of the international student conference .
Firstly , the conference will take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
Number 45 bus runs to there every 5 minutes .
It takes 25 minutes that is convenient to us .
Secondly , there are some programme that are very great .
First time , the conference 's head make a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a suiteable dress .
On the last day I go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .
I hope it will be a successful conference .
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Alice and Jane came back her home .
Alice is Jane 's boy friend .
In the morning they have met and then they went to beach .
It was nice weather and beautiful time .
In the evening they were going to the disco party that was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inside her house and Alice could see the her house and he found the bathroom window was opening .
Jane expained that situations and they under stood him .
So they could go to the disco party .
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day .
It was a very very special day .
I am writting to give you the information that you asked me for .
the group has been booked into the Harris hotel .
this hotel is very good placed .
From there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , wich both have you very close to the conference place , and also you can go by underground to get there .
this party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed .
In this area you could visit the central park .
It is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
I hope these information could be useful for you .
I have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to Hampton Court last year , and I think it is a great place to visit .
Hampton Court palace is localizated in Hampton Court .
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
to get to Hampton Court palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .
From there depart the trains to Hampton Court .
Moreover , I think by train is the best way to get there , because Hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court palace .
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
They are between three and six pounds each .
Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
And also it would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
I am very pleased to help to organize this Conference in our College , which will hold at Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .
We have booked the hotel for the group .
Regarding to the end - of - conference party .
On the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing Bromley town center for about two hours before you leave for airport .
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .
There are many historical buildings remain .
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
If any further discussion , please let me know .
We need light every day , not just night time .
We need lamp light in offices or schools or some places during the day time .
How is the wonderful life after invention the light .
Here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light .
There was no any light outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
Covered by dark , dark and dark .
This scaring dark is still affecting my life now .
I never stayed out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
What a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , Einstein was .
I am very pleasant to know you decided to come to the II International conference of Human Rights which will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25 of June .
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in Palace Hotel , in the center of London from the 24 June until 25 of June .
It takes about 10 minutes .
Therefore , that 's the faster way of transport you can choose .
The Conference will start at 9 am of 25 June and will finish about 6 pm in the same day .
That will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and immaculate presence .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit .
I look forward to hearing from you .
The aim of this report is giving some suggestions to a group of American students who has just arrived in Rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
That 's a small square where there is a fountain very big .
It was built by Canovas architect in 1638 .
That is the fountain which Dolce Vita film was taken place .
In conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting one only place without spend much money .
I am sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is ill .
As our conference is due to start next week I respond straight away .
There are some informations you have asked me about .
We booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel .
That is the best option because it is placed less than 5 minutes walk from the Conference Center .
When you live a hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
At the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
That 's our Conference Center .
At the hotel reception you will find printed information how to get over there .
As you know at the end - of - conference there is a party .
At this time you and your group can refresh yourself .
I would like to mention that because our conference that is dress - code party .
Hope you will enjoy it .
We prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold buffet .
That will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
In our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .
In my opinion the most interesting is the Castle .
It is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when is it .
Just look up and you will see that huge building .
Actually it is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with it 's amazing crypts .
And if you climb on the top of the main tower - the keep you will see unforgetable view on a white toun .
After that you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle .
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores and , we are especially pround of it , the great collection of swords .
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the New Castle .
I am sure that should be enought for one day trip .
For you information I can say that at this time we have five weeks festival and this night there will be a great display .
That should complete that amazing day .
I am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the informations that you have asked me .
Firstly , let me explain the way from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
The party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
Finally , I would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day 's free time .
It must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
It is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom .
This report provides the information about Kyong Bok Palace , which is highly recommended to visit for visitors from foreign countries .
It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young peoples , and makes a final recommendation .
The kingdom Chosun has a history for 500 years and lasted until the beginning of 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
The reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tends to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity .
You can try the traditional games of Korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the Royals .
Also there are performances which helds daily in the front gate of the palace .
Final Recommendation .
It is out of question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .
You will find many interesting points there , therefore , I urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of Korea .
There is a party on the last day of the conference .
Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
Less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .
Please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11 pm .
You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
Hundred years before people could n't even use an electric lump not saying about a car or computer .
They have intentions improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one beleives it is really so .
Some people say that many of important inventions in our live are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them .
First of all they say about enviroment pollution which cars and other vechicles make , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some others .
But to my opinion if peoples inventions take a place in our lifes they are right then .
Computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems .
I think it would n't be possible to survive for us without an eclectric life .
Because of shipbuilding development people could make all the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenyable neccecerity in our life .
In case of all said I am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of peopel 's inventions are much higre the all their disadvantages .
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help with giving you some further information .
According to your first question , for the time of conference the students will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservation has been already made .
It is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledon .
As you were informed , there will be a party for all attendants of the conference , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
Minding the fact that it will be entirely sociable meeting I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
If you have any further questione , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to seeing you .
The aim of this report is to give description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth - century Royal Palace .
It is situated in a heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an Old Town .
There is a square old Market with the magnificent statue of the King Zygmunt , in the centre of it .
Inside the Palace , there is a museum of an antique collection of porcalaine .
There is also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Palace .
The Old Town is the best place for afternoon stroll with a great deal of restaurants , caffes and street performers .
There is an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc .
Most of the admissions are absolutely free .
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the constant renovations .
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .
Despite the few drawbacks , I would strongly recommend the Royal Palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
I am plece to tell the information do you need for the group .
The Hotel I was be booked is Palace Hotel wiche is in the center of London just tow blokes from Victoria stations .
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and adres .
About the party in the end of conference we organise in the same hotel whict have a nice salon .
Will b good for yor group you do n't need move to anoder place .
It is not a formal party so I thing is faind wear somethig no too formal .
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in Exivicuion is interesting .
I hope you found thes letter uselfuel and If you have nay question let my know .
I am looking forway to see you soon .
The Computer was invented 30 year or mor ago and estart lake a procesing information with a big cad was perfored and maked a smol hold and aeche hold mean something lake a Codig .
The maching was used for read this cad was too big you use to need a room for our Computer .
But the Computer have the bad sead to I whand mean we life aeche day depende mor and mor for It .
So I feel ascere when I thing about the consercuencias if some of the virus or mad prapoel make bad use lake hapen thise days with the sex or other .
I work with children an the Computer help my Jop bat affeted to .
So I hope the Wold meke Consense about and the Inguener in Compueter work have in estop these probleme because some good could be some thig very danger .
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference .
First of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .
And we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of them are as convinience as getting there .
The day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
I suggest that you wear a formal dress .
There is some finger foods and drinks .
It might be a great party for end of conference .
End of all , in my opinion we could go a center of the town because there is many places to have a look and go shopping .
It 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .
It could be interesting for them .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Imagine our life without a telephone .
A telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
It has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not only used by these purpose , but also it keeps our company .
Even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
Then it makes you happy .
Long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
They used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .
So that 's why they have invented a telephon .
Now we could feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
This is a first class hotel .
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .
There is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
Take the bus in direction center town .
After four stops get off the bus .
If you leave the bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road .
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco .
Finally at your last day I propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
It takes you two hours .
Afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any more questions , write me back .
I will write about the invention of the computer .
With the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
Before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .
When they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
I work at a bank and I work all day with computers .
If I order money for our bank with the computer I can be sure that I will arrive the day after .
But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days after .
I have never work without a computer , but if we had n't any we would it find normally .
The hotel in which the group has been booked to is the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc .
When you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Chtaigneroie school .
The end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
Some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
For three hours , you could visit the museum of the Red Cross , which is very interesting .
The portable phone , a very useful invention !
During all mankind history , there were discovers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest discoveries made .
When the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
But the research went on , and the portable phone is getting always smaller and more useful .
The portable phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
Personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning at home , I do n't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a portable phone .
I would be pleased to help you about all your questions and I will provide you some information which you need as much as I can .
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay .
As you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .
Nothing will be spacial .
Place is College garden .
There is no need to bother about clouths .
Everybody can put on something casual .
I have to admit that whoever invented the cars and transportation vehicles did the most respectable invention of the word .
I say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our times passing so fast .
Can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus .
May be 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without having anyof them .
Would n't be unbarable and painful .
Ceartainly it would be just like mine .
Because I live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city center .
The nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .
I have no car , no local bus service to use .
Even comeing to Basingstoke seems like a international journey to me .
And ofcause this stops me everytime to live sociable life .
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most usefull invention for the humanity .
I was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take a part in our international student conference .
As you need more information , I answer all your questions with plesuare .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .
Secondly , our end - of - conference party is included dinner and dancing , I would advise you to wear something not very formal .
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during conference .
There are many different people 's inventions around us .
We are so used to them , that sometimes think they existed always .
Some of them are very practical , other are rather strange .
I thing , that one of the most importent and affecting our life inventions is the telephone .
Imagine life without phone .
You are on the road , you have car accident .
On another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
I am sure , the phone has saved many lifes .
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only for chating in any time .
Thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the Earth .
So I am very grateful to man , who invented it , unfornutely , I have forgotten his name .
Try to ask who invented the will or the book .
Chne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health .
Nevertheless , I am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
We have made arrangements for you to stay at the Palace Hotel .
Furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
Therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted .
My fair Mobile Phone .
The technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities throughout those last years .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities .
Trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
However , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of a high - school student .
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that I have arranged for you .
Then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home .
I think I gave you all importen informations .
Nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions .
As you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle .
No matter that people started worred more about polution in the world .
Let me to tell you , how invention of motorcycle has affected my life .
I love motocycles and I do n't think I could live without them .
I drive motocycle since I was 16 year old .
Me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .
We have met a lot of people there same mad about motorcycle as we were .
We were avenging races and trips .
We were driving motocycles few day befour we finally had got to mitting points .
I really enjoy driving motocycle .
People say that is dangerous , I do n't think so .
When I drive is only me and my motocycle .
Before me and after are my friends that I like and trust .
And around me nature that I can watch and enjoy while we shop fore camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to full buses , trains , etc .
I am really greatful for people who invented the first motocycle in the world .
I feel very bad about that I do n't know who was it .
On the other hand no matter that I feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life end people I care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
Thank you very much for your letter .
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference .
The hotel that your group will be staying at is Palace Hotel .
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along River Thames following yellow signs on sunny days .
If it rains , you can take bus 54 that stops in front of the college .
The end - of - conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
So you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a costume of her country .
Other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress .
On the last day , I recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
It is about 1000 years old , so I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .
In other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience , I can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
It improves productivity of my homework , that is often essay writing , and also it allows me to access to the internet .
Since I live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my bestfriend and to know what is going on in my home country .
To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international conference .
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from Central train station .
Light lunch will be provided .
After the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
There is no dressed - code for the party .
However I suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .
I have included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map .
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours , We have arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance .
Personly I recommend the Dicken 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .
I hope that I have covered all information you would need and look forward to seeing you .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London .
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top list .
The building itself looks grand and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building has served half - a million commuters in a day , it always clean and functional .
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting building .
The newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and touched - screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked into the old underground station which it is such a contrast in transformation .
The old bit is rather unique and charming .
You could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .
There is another surprising section in this building .
At the far back of the station is also connected to a spacious well designed pedestrians park .
It is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide services to the public .
Finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .
Thank you for your letter dated 8 June 2001 .
I hope I can give you the information you need .
So the conference will be a great experience to you and your group .
Your group will stay at the Palace Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
A free shuttel - bus gets you to the conference - center .
The end - of - conference party is playing in a rent and in the greenground .
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more .
I suggest to wear leisure - clothes to the party .
The last afternoon you could go on a city - tour , visite the museum of Fine Arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .
I can not imagine how our life would be .
We are living in a busy world .
It would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
I hope I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students .
The best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
Actually , the college is situated 500 meters away from the Hotel .
As you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
You do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
In fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .
To conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off .
I hope the international student conference will help to know each other better and that it will be a success .
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in Europe .
It shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece .
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been done to improve them .
You can admire every kind of equipments you need to do any particular sport .
You will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowaday n high competitions .
The museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking .
It will takes you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , well - known for being one of the best establishment in Lausanne .
I hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , Main - Road 21 , which is situated not far from our college .
Just follow Main - Road until to reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
Secondly , you have required information about the end - of - conference party .
All the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
The location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
There is no need putting on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable .
Last but not least I will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .
Please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
The telephone , a blessing .
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
Its first appliance was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
Take me , for example , I use it whenever there is a problem and I need some advice , or when I have to call off a meeting for any reason .
Life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
We use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
Just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
So do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
I would like to thank you for your letter .
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown can not attend the conference .
Please transmit him my best wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms for all members of your group at the Palace Hotel .
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximetively one mile away .
Concerning the party we do not have a casual dressing code .
students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a mid - long skirt or dress for the girls .
There are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
I would like to suggest visiting the Ethnographic Museum , , which is kind of unique in the world .
I remain , yours sincerely .
I think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .
The industrial countries have encountered deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been made available to everyone .
Today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
The transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems .
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and enviromment issues are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the enviromment without impacting their mobility .
This will be a tough challenge for this new century .
My name is Juniper , I am helping to organise the conference in the college .
I received your letter the other day and I am writing to answer your questions .
The group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .
All the students and staffs will join together in the hall .
They can play games and talk about personal experience .
The main aim of it is to deepen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
So it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .
I have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
If you are free I will show you arround our college .
You can visit our newly - built science lab as well .
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .
One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about British history there .
The museum looks very old as some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library .
A lot of famous people have been to this library before !
The British Hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
It shows a large number of valuable things .
Almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about British history .
Apart from the national history , there are more content about the past of the world .
You can go to many sections such as Asia Hall , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall and so on .
Countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate .
After a visit to British Museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away !
I am writing to you to give you the information about the conference .
The hotel your group has been booked into is called Palace Hotel .
It is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference .
You only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .
You are asked to take the blue door .
After entering you will see the signed conference room .
We organized a end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
Everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
You should wear nice and comfortable cloth .
This is an informal party .
I suggest you visiting the old part of Zurich or going to the zoo before your departure .
I am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
If there is any question left , please contact me .
I love baking cakes , cockies and breads .
It does n't matter in what kind of mood I am , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
But I could n't bake without an oven .
I think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
Besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
I am writing in reply to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so that I will help you as far as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which ha been booked for you is Palace Hotel that is located close to the conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
As you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
Or , If you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minutes distance on foot from the hotel .
Whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them can not be imagined .
People do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention .
This is electricity invented by Edison .
What is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
In my life , I use electricity in many different ways .
It makes my life more convenient than that without it .
To sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
I am very glad to help you about the International Student Conference .
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious willness .
Referent , where is the conference .
This will be in the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to worry for the best way because in all the main routes in Devonport have signs with correct way to the popular hotel .
After finish the conference , there is a party in same hotel .
This party is for the students so the kinds of clouthes wo n't be so formal .
On the day free before catch our plane .
We could chouse two options for spending our free time .
One is a guide tour on center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
Please , if you have any more question , please call me at 38755980 .
I can live without this .
In our lifes , may be , could n't be without electricity .
Some people can live without this , but I am sure that the world would be very different .
When we are using different equipments in our houses , we are using the electricity .
Small things but very importants in our lifes .
I do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all this facilities .
In winter when is dark very early , and after , I need to spent my free time in home .
What I can do without my music and my computer .
Now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplans , shoops , all these things without lights .
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry for not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a 4 stars hotel - Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .
It is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
The end - of - conference party will be held in an India restaurant , that is next to the hotel .
It is surposed to be held during 7 pm to 11 pm .
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco is also provided .
You can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun .
As you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
There are so many things to do , unfortunately , there is just 3 hours .
I recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hestitate to contact us .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .
Lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely .
If you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , I will say that it is the television .
Firstly , televisions make us know more about the world without travel it all .
If there are no televisions , we wo n't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak unless we go to that country .
Secondly , for some points , it can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are especially made for children , such as Learn follow me and Be good to others .
Actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me know what I should do generally or how to behave nicely when I was still a child .
The last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments .
Maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos are much better that staying at home sitting in front of an object .
However , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
If sometimes I do n't want to go out and I do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
However , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
Personally , I do think televisions is the most important invention .
I got your letter this morning and I am very pleased to give you some information .
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in downtown .
When you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend to walk .
Because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea .
And also it takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy it .
By the way the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwell party .
There will be three parts .
The first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and the second part , the participacients will evaluate themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks .
It will be not too formal party .
So you can wear what you like .
Everybody an enjoy themselves .
It is  12 each and there is a reduction for groups .
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .
And have a nice time in my town and send my regard to Richard .
Nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
Moreover we can not live without them .
None of them are unimportant for us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
If you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
Electricity could be able to invent other things .
It also gave us more free time , especially for women .
It has abosolutly reduced women 's our house working time .
Evenmore we can enjoy our night with lights .
If we want do something , we can do it at night same as day .
Finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
It is also advancing more and more .
It will give us better future !
Have you ever imagined that you would drive electric car !
Thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
Here are answers for your questions .
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , Camberley .
It takes 5 minutes from the station .
When you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
The end - of - conference party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnic foods .
There is a museum next to the Camberley Station , which has good collection of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
Instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs .
I am looking forward to meeting you .
The aim of this report is to describe the Haunted Castle in Camberley .
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
Inside of the castle is always dark even in daytime .
It is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
She appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle .
It is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
People said she was seeking something and still seeking even if she had dead for 500 years .
The ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
I think it is worth while to see .
I have recieved your letter this morning .
I hope that these informations below are very useful to you , during your attempt of conference .
I have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .
There will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
You will than have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
The best way to get to the conference is to follow along the collage road and turn left toward the end , you than keep going straight , you will eventually see the main entrance of the collage .
When you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
They all knows where the conference is and when .
At the end of the conference , we will have a party .
The party is to let all the students to know each other better .
The party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
I will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .
For the afternoon free time on the last day .
There are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
Or they can also visit the Epsom Town .
I am looking forward to seeing you and hop you have a safe flight over to England .
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .
This building is situated in Taipei , the capital .
The building is called Chiang Kei - shek Momerial Hall .
Nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in Taipei about this building .
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
As you go into the main Hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek , this is because the building is the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History .
The statue is about 20 feet high .
Next to the statue is protected by the guards , the guards will change every four hours .
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other gallaries .
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , antique furnitures which Chiang used .
These treasure are very old , even older than the history of America .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during the defeat in China .
They are all been well look after .
There are also restaurent 's and modern gallaries .
Finally , if you went to visit this building I will recommend you to stay at a hotel not far from the momerial Hall called Hyatt Hotel .
It only take about five minutes if you walk .
I hope you will all have a great time in Taiwan and I hope you will enjoy the building .
I have received your letter dated on the 12th june 2001 .
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the informations , that I am going to give you , will be enough .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place St - Franois .
And the name of the street is Grand - Chne .
After the conference , we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead to stay in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .
Afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
For the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the Landscape and have a sunbath .
The aim of this report is to give further informations on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .
It is based on my own experience .
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and offer , for the tourist , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake .
But also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several statues .
Besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
First of all , the main interest of the museum is the olympic history .
You can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
In addition , you can play with several interactive game and learn about the rules of the olympic games .
The principal reason is the cheapest price .
You pay only to FRS for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want .
On the other hand , if you are more than 10 people , you can have a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
To sum up , the Olympic Museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for this .
At first , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel that is one of the best in the town .
The access to the conference place is very easy .
First of all , you must walk down to the Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number two that goes directly to the college .
After the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
Finally , I propose you to go to the new college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon .
Every body will go there .
I hope you will have fun !
I will give you some informations on the yverdon 's castle .
This building is one of the oldest that stays in the landscape of the town .
I think its important to see it when you come there because it shows us how the town had been developped around it since its creation .
Those days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction engines around it .
That 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
There is a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .
So you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holliday in Yverdon .
Thank you for your letter .
I will try my best to answer the questions .
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Stars Hotel for your group .
The nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from city college stop .
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone .
This is just a relaxing party , just for the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
Finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
Our city has got the biggest shoping centre in South England , there gathers so many shops .
It worthes tp spend time and money on that .
I look forward to seeing you !
Nowdays people have become used to watching televesion 's programs everyday .
The TV is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .
First of al , in my opinion , TV has a great education functions , and also makes the world become small .
You can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
I would rather watching the news on TV in stead of reading in newspaper or hearing on radio because the news on TV are vivid .
Someone are talking , laughting , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .
Some TV programs are enjouable !
However , TV also has some disadvantages .
You might just sitting in front of TV for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .
I think this is the badest influence in the society .
In clucsion , the TV has both advantages and disagvangtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages .
So , but on the whole , TV still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
I am writing to you to give you more informations about an international student conference .
The group has been booked into King Hotel at High Street which is very easy to find .
And the best way to get from there to the conference is following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side .
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference place which is called White House .
At the end of conference , we are going to have an International Dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
As this is a special conference so you could wear your own national dress to present your country .
Finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping at High Street .
If you want more information , please contact me and I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , as the building will tell you all about Wales .
On the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furnitures .
The building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
On the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise .
And some old toilets might look awlful .
But in my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
Because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith .
I was really pleased to receive at your letter .
Unfortunately Richard Brown is ill but I can help you as much as I can .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute .
The tube is 2 line which is red colour .
And your speach would be better for the end of conference party .
Finally , I give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
I look forward to seeing you soon .
Computer is the most important invention in our life .
Some people might say the electricity more important than another thingh .
It 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
Recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only is for bussiness , but also in for my life .
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail .
Before computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact with to foreign countries at the same time .
And also it 's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computer more than before .
However , computer is worth to use in our life until more coveniance machine will be invented .
Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate .
Our students , then will get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses .
Finally , I would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .
I look forward to see you and your group soon .
It located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre built in 1975 .
Apart from Banks and important offices .
There are also world stock market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and records stores .
It also held an internation exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
The building is huge with high technology and construction and a tight security .
It upgraded the building every year .
The Barbican Centre is a very important building in London .
You and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .
So that you can spend your time in one go .
Thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
It is the Palace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will take place .
The best way to get there , is to take the bus number 7 .
The bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
You will leave the bus at , , Royal gardens .
Turn left and go straight to , , Baker street At the need of this street there is the house number 18 .
You wish to know all about , , the end - of - conference party .
As far as I can see there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .
I would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
Donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it .
Finally I give you some advise for what you could do for about three hours .
Firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
Furthemore there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located to walk within five minutes .
Lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she has been a litte girl there has been only one telephone in the house where she had lived .
The neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls .
Todays nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there is a telephone at least .
There are a lot of advantages for it .
Moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor .
This could save life !
An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it .
Of course there is also a big disadvantage .
It is not an easy desicion how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
Especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .
It is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .
thankyou for your letter , wich arrived yesterday .
I hope to give you , all the information need and please , if you want more information or somenthing is not clear , please do n't esitate to contact me again .
The Hotel is near the station and is call Grand Placad .
When you arrived you take the train for Guildford and after you have just across the road , in front of the station .
It 's very confortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
From there to the conference you have to take the bus number 50 , that stop near the hotel and arrive in town center .
The conference is organised in the civic hall so it is very simple to found it .
At the end of conference there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience .
I suggest for that conference to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary .
I do n't know rely what you can see , three hours I think is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .
If I found somenthing special to visit in three hours I call you .
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
In that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
The best building you must see is the cathedral .
It is the more important church in that area for its architeture .
It is somenthing very particular , its paviment made from many small pecis of wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
It was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
You can arrive here wolking because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill .
But really you must see it , the position of the cathedral give you a somenthing special a big tranquility .
I hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactorialy .
First of all you have been booked at the palace hotel .
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect .
concerning the end conference party .
It is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event .
Finaly , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you , to visit the Caldea center wich is a very special bath center .
If you need futher information do not hesitate to contact us .
In your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .
There are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and olds cotages .
The churchs and the cathedral are very intesting because of their differents romanics styles .
If you are interested by more moderns buildings I can suggest you to visit Caldea which is a very modern bath centre with a beautiful architecture .
In replied of your letter , I will try to give you some advices .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see indications to follow .
For the conference , I suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important persons of others colleges .
At the end of the conference , all students and leader will have a drink .
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of Poitiers which is very beautiful .
I hope I give you enough details .
I look forward to meeting you on the conference .
The building called in French Le Centre Pompidou is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in other place .
What is impressive on this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
On the Pompidou 's center , there are different expositions on different themes .
In general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
This expositions are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
So if you visit Paris , the Pompidou 's center is a very interesting building to visit , even if in Paris there are many others buildings .
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference in our college .
I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into Palace Hotel .
It is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held .
I think that the best choise for you is to take the 234 bus .
The bus stop you should get off is called The Green Man .
It is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
Lastly , I would like to give you some suggestions about way in which you can spend your free time in our town .
I am strongly convinced , that you should visit local Science Museum .
Also there is a very good shopping center next to the museum .
I look forward to seeing your at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
As it is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century , nevertheless I believe that the most important one is the computer .
It is a fact , that the modern society have created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
Taking it into consideration I would like to say that the computer is the priceless invention for an accountants , designers , engineers and so on and on .
Another point in favour is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information on your fingertips .
Also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand there are some disadvantages .
For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create .
Another drawback is that in industry computers replace people 's labour , which leads to the increasing of unemployment .
I thank you for your recent letter .
First , I would like to congratulate on your new responsability , because of Mr Brown 's illness .
I give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
Your group is staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station .
To go to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
You have to take the bus number 1 and get off at Black House , which is the third stop .
During it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the conference .
Food and beverages will be available .
After the cocktail , the Band Zero one is playing their famous songs .
The clothes , required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
Before your departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to make a sightseeing tour in our city .
I hope you will enjoy your journey in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
In order to write this report , I spent hours in this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself .
I walked around the garden too .
The museum is located in Ouchy , in front of the Delamuraz Hotel .
It is close to the main road , and at 300 meters of the station .
The building is made of white stones .
Before going inside , you have to pas through the huge garden .
There , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
I recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in pools .
When you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
There were all painting during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar .
Everything in this room is about wine .
To learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
I particularly recommend you to visit the blue room .
Everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
According to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
To sum up , I would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
You should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
You wo n't be disappointed .