Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain disease because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
The opposite is also true .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
My answer is no .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
This knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include the fairness .
It is unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
