Genetic risk refers to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
The opposite is also true .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
My answer is no .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted and worry about these problems .
so we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members who have got this disease .
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
Above all , life is more important than secrets .
Genetic risk does carry consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
This knowledge may be relevant to them or not .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
In retrospect , its is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks on their own .
Sometimes some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
I begin by focusing on the negative side of genetic risk first .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the birth gene together with their daily habits .
In conclusion , we can see that the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carrier 's relatives outweighs the costs .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having any kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
it is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
It is unfair to release a law which only points to genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
If you say he needs to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities of developing a disease .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
A typical example is genetically caused by hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion when they become adult .
they can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
Therefore , some carriers will prefer to keep it as a secret .
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Most patients will be depressed after discovering their condition .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential .
Nevertheless , it depends on what kind of genetic diseases , are present in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is discovered in the early stages .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
However , they have a to play and a responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal health .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He had to choose to protect his family and make his family more prosperous despite a potential genetic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be hidden forever .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs mental support to go through this situation .
It is hard for an individual to deal with the issue on his or her own .
For every decision there are always pros and cons .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
I also believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the truth .
After discovering he or she is a carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family because of this and create more unhappiness in the family .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emotional stress .
This is an that needs to be addressed a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
Hence , they should be the people to be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy with .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed in facing such risk of disorder .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle against such a disorder risk .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas .
The benefits of doing so outweigh the disadvantages .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk of a disorder .
This is the common law in society .
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue .
It is obvious that it is better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges themselves .
The demon is not easily defeated and much energy is required and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
That is the most essential element to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic disease is so serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be worse than our imagination .
Families are the dearest in our life .
Without their concern and support , it is hard to stay alive for for a long time .
They play an important role in our life which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's family without the agreement of the carrier .
It is the ethic of hospital staff to keep the secret of any patients .
We can not blame them if they are liable for undesired consequences .
However , hospitals can provide a councilor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken .
Therefore , these kinds of circumstances will not happen again and again .
It is a method that benefits two which , which is a win-win situation .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
Thus , advice from hospital plays an important role .
A carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of his family and even society .
With the risk of having genetic disorders , many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a problem , they may just ignore the possibility .
This forces them to accept the truth which may make the rest of their life miserable .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people should not be scared and should share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases are costly for treatment and medication .
Albinism is an example .
People with albinism have sensitive skin and this needs regular treatment .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication cost is very expensive .
To prevent the bigger problem happening , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does not tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of these diseases is sickle cell trait .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give a mental boost to their children with genetic disorder .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock their conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from the closest ones .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared to the last century .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
It is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people .
For the whole society , it is a duty .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no doubts .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
In the words of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you makes you stronger .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
Genetic risk refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
They may not be to enjoy the normal life people enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
Not only the child but also the entirely family will suffer .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
For countries like Singapore , this is a problem because , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages occur in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have the right to know the health of their child .
Also , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy from happening .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If a person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
He runs a test and finds out that he has the gene AA .
this means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
However , this can also be achieved from personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
However , if you have undergone a test and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a choice about whether to have a child or not .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
we find that we actually are a genetic risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on their whole lives .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
And it is important for young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better for the rest of their lives .
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
Personally I feel that we still should take responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to treat it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them that they start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
Genetic testing is conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
This essay will illustrate this in two ways .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for a doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are the contrary .
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago .
A couple in China had a son of 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosed a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
Therefore their son had inherited the genetic disease .
The son died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
Second , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face a disorder problem .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
they may know about the person 's potential disabling disease .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon him or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought of badly because of a bad gene .
Once his or her family or relatives know , the person may not have anymore contact with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appearing which would truly destroy the family gradually .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the company of the children .
The children rely on the parents to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank them for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Noone wants to see the scene of a broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature at this moment .
There also exists some probability of testing errors .
Therefore I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any diseased genes .
It may be awkward and embarrasing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , so of course they own the same genes in some way .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy about or be afraid of .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their offspring .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
There is a story I watched on TV .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying diseased genes , which they are born with .
However , they can avoid the diseased genes being passed on to their children .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict for and protect each individual at risk of a disorder .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and make emotional preparations .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
However , I believe it is just the usual reaction in this situation .
Life is hard but people can not call it unfair .
It is because they are not strong enough to overcome the hard times .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
and now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and bury myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
For example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to make it known .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking via the phone since it is free .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
Socia media allows them to inform people about what is going on .
What 's more , various cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias .
From this scope , social media has shortened our distance .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable as before .
Besides , there are more people sharing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxurious and blundering .
For myself , I long for some places after I see beautiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I can not sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our lifestyle so fast , which leaves us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media .
While millions of users are connected at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
The recipient,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communications are also greatly improved .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intensely use social media all the time .
Intimate interactions greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
On the contrary , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
Nowadays , some companies even conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also create some negative impacts for people .
, they provide people with a more convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with others .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting .
Overall , there are more benefits than costs .
The world is increasingly becoming flat with all kinds of social network websites such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away ate for lunch through these kinds of social media .
Social network sites provide us with many conveniences .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
In addition , social network sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some canadian friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we may have lost contact .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health according to research .
In addition , cyber relationships can not always work in real life .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network sites now become a place to show off .
It is mentally unhealthy and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it is easier to make new friends who have simliar interests or hobbies .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there is more to come in future .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to make a normal call and message to contact .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding how social media actually has some inevitable disadvantages for people .
People can only use electical devices to access internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , they will lose the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and to read news .
He can even talk to his daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends recent activity easily .
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
These are the advantages that save work most of the time .
To conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way .
With the aid of social media , people bond globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in a technology realm society .
It started invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the mediums that we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration especially among youngsters .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making a right decision .
Nowadays , the use of social media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
Most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
However , the friendship on such virtual worlds is superficial which is not relevant to real-life .
As this happens , users are more and more prone to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and at different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still be connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that pulls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us Today is someone 's birthday .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
Gone are those times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passes , we may have more friends on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media site needs to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of their impacts on the actual life that we have .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in society .
I believe 80 percent of people use social media sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
They consist of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to the social media which are of concern in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to the countries .
Substantial costs are saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
However , there are always two sides to stories .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between humans .
Since ancient times , humans interact with others face to face .
Without facial expression , it is easier to misunderstand a speaker 's intention .
That is why facial expression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill for a person to express their feelings and opinions .
Humans have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied on by the government .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
On one hand , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other any time and anywhere .
When our phones are accidentally broken , we can also use the social media to get in contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in public can also actively take part in the group chat via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
On the other hand , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers , who are growing , to get hurt .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of social media .
In our sophisticated era , , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Telephone may have been perceived as the biggest innovation created ever the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since the has become popular , telephone has started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are offered to the users .
Let us consider examples from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peope are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
As a consequence , interpersonal skills are affected .
This skill requires practice and can not be facilitated completely through social media .
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of themselves badly and this may lead to depression and mental disorder .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and it affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide what to do .
So , we should never forget to think think about the benefit and disadvantage of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies is improving the lives of many people .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
The appearance of social media sites made those problems go away .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
As we graduate from a school , we probably lose contact with some of our friends .
If by phone and letter is the only way to make contact , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Hence , the social media sites serve as a platform for the connection .
Everything that comes with benefits also has disadvantages .
social media sites also bring some negative impacts for people and society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought on by social media sites .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability of people to present their ideas well .
As a result , they gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Undeniably , it becomes more addictive when we spend more time socialising and interacting virtually .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend on face-to-face interaction with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between humans and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In conclusion , things have advantages and disadvantages and all depends on how we exploit them .
The convenience is beyond description .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world can easily share their thoughts about their governments .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots which happened in Egypt and Zambia .
these social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulate the thoughts of the public .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lives .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thanks to those social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
That shows how breaking news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people have started doing business via these sites .
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
This will lead to bad inter-personal skills as well as a problem of trust .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same trend .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human evolution .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
In the fast pace of our competitive world , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
Personally I am studying overseas and a busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know what their statuses are nowadays .
Also , I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysians cross the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy working and separated from their children .
One of the Managers in my work place has the same situation .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start new friendships or relationships .
It is easier for people to approach each other after finding out about them .
Students can exchange their experiences about their studies even if they are in different countries .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of the useful tools to help people get to know each other better .
Many people like to use written to present themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
In conclusion , shadow always exists where there is light .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
Online friends become real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages in this change .
Social media has reshaped communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendships based on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on broadcasting and listening .
we are actively presenting fa รง ades of our lifes in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and status that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are carefully considered .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help to forge interpersonal relationships .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to others .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some newspapers or public figures .
I get news for sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
Information has been circulated .
The most popular information gets circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading newspapers and watching TV .
Personally I feel more at ease on social medias .
From the above two points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
There are advantages and disadvantages in this , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
It is just different .
People living in the modern world really can not live without social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media allows people to connect to one another more conveniently .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with those who live far away from them in the past .
It could take a few days or weeks to receive messages .
Nowadays , all people need to do is type in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other end will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
Social media also provide people with huge brunch information about people and things that interest them .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to decorate his or her face .
No pledge of authenticity protects people 's information and privacy shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily lives .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
As the development of continues , social media is playing a more and more significant role in the world .
However , it also raises concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a difficult question for every human being .
This is especially true for people who are overseas .
What 's more , these days , social media plays an important role in spreading information .
However , there are also a great amount of people who are against this technology .
They point out that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we have to spend with our friends .
They will feel it difficult to find any topics to discuss with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to the advantages it gives us .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact our family or friends .
Things might become bad if we do n't know how to use social media wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter , through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media reduces the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Some of these forms would take a long time and some were not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get a reply very fast .
The communication is also not limited in words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's lives .
Some people spend a lot of time online and forget their real lives .
Actually , I have seen that some people can be very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they are quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers need to develop their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face .
Some may share less time with their family and not know how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
It can make our life simpler .
People can promote their friendships and relationships through these social media .
But overall , the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages .
and try to bypass the shortcomings .
We should remember that it is important to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using social media in people 's daily lives .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions that they may be too shy to express in person .
Then their mothers will also receive emotion and feel warm .
Therefore , the social media is truly good for people .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
On the other hand , there are also problems with the influence of social media .
Secondly , without real communication face to face , people lose the ability to see the truth .
Teenagers may believe these people and be cheated by them and lose money .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad for a teenager 's future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas .
However , there exits some disadvantages which may affect people to some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily lives and Society .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
It seems that people build good relationships with others with social media , but the problems do arise .
People do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially strangers .
Thus , , It is importnat to examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life and society .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others by social media .
The long distance and time-consuming methods made spreading information very difficult at that time .
The other advantage is that it is easier to find out about others by social media .
If there were no social media , it would be difficult for people to find out about a stranger .
They could collect information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
And the information collected may not be intact and true .
It is weird that people sit around a table but all face their phones and do not talk with each other .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages in using social media in daily life .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are analysed in this paper .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable mean of communications .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to the world .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
There are no more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningful experience of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , a social media network opens the door of opportunity for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
In the business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Anyone can easily make up their personality and choose the characteristics that they want to share .
They can become anyone .
There is a story of a girl who lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people .
She talked to them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
To put it in a nutshell , everything has pros and cons .
Such is the case with social media networks .