Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain disease because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
The opposite is also true .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
My answer is no .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
This knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include the fairness .
It is unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
A typical example is genetic caused hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adult .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The medical treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
For every action there is always pros and cons .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
I belive that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emtional stress .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in the society .
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is should or should not .
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
That is the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Families are our dearest in our life .
Without their concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
They play the important role in our life which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
Thus , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Albinism is one of the examples .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication cost is very expensive .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock of your conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
In this modern world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last century .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
To the whole society , it is a duty .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and love each other with no doubts .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you stronger .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
They may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
Not only the child but also the entirely family will suffer .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
He runs a test and know that he has the gene AA .
This means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
However , this can also be achieved from personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married or have children .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
And it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
This essay will illustrate in two aspects .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
I noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
Therefore their son was inherited the genetic disease .
The son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
They may know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon his or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The children rely the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or be afraid of .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their offspring .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
There is a story I watched on TV .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is free .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
What 's more , various of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires practice .
Besides that , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communication are also greatly improved .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is justified .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
It provides people with more convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
Overall , there are more benefits than the costs .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
Social network sites provides us many convenience .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some canadian friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we may lost contact .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always work in real life .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have simliar interests or hobbies .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
People can only use electical devices to access internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
These are the advantages that save works most of the time .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the youngsters .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us Today is someone 's birthday .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passed , we may have more friends on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
However , there are two sides of stories always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Since ancient times , human interact with others face by face .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
Some people who are try to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are given to the users .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peope are able to maintain relationship with their old acquaintances .
As the consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
This skill requires practices and can not be done completely through social media .
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorder .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize of .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
In most of the countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Hence , the social media sites serves as a platform for the connection .
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts for the people and the society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we exploit it .
The convenience is beyond description .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thank to those social media , the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
That shows how actually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start to do their business via these sites .
I do think there is difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
This essay will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
In this fast pace and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
Personally I am study in oversea , busy study life keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their children .
One of Manager in my working place has the same situation .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
It is easier for people to approach the other after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even they are in different countries .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages in this change .
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on broadcasting and listening .
We are actively presenting fa รง ades of our lifes in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures .
I get news for sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
Information got circulated .
The most popular information get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading newspapers and watching TV .
Personally I feel more at ease on social medias .
From the above two points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
It is just different .
People that living in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media makes people be able to connect one another more conveniently .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
Social media also provides people huge brunch information about people and things that they interests .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to decorate his or her face .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
This is especially to people who are overseas .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading the information .
However , there are also a great amount of people who against this technology .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
The communication is also not limited in words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's life .
Some people spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
It can make our life simpler .
People can promote their friendship and relationship through these social media .
But overall , the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage .
And try to bypass the shortcomings .
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's daily life .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm .
Therefore , the social media is truly good for people .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
On the other hand , there are also problems with the population of the social media .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and false .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad to teenager 's future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas .
However , there exits some disadvantages which will affect people in some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
It seems that people build a good relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially the strangers .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others by social media .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
And the information collected may not be intact and true .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
In a conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are elaborated on as follows .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable mean of communications .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to the world .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
In business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
First and foremost , we should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want .
They can become anyone .
There is a story of a girl who lives in social media world every night in eight years .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her life with them .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
So does social media network .